LP PresentationMONICA GIRARDI, HEAD OF GROUP IR, ENEL SPA: Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. I am Monica Girardi, the Head of Group Investor Relations. A really warm welcome to our full year 2018 results presentation, which will be hosted by our CEO, Francesco Starace; and CFO, Alberto de Paoli. Francesco will explain the progress achieved on our key strategic pillars. And after that, Alberto will walk you through the full year operational and financial performance. Following the presentation, we will have the usual Q&A session open to those connected both on the call and on the web. Before we start, let me remind you that media is listening to both, the presentation and the Q&A session. Thank you, again. And now let me hand over to Francesco.TD FRANCESCO STARACE, CEO, GM & DIRECTOR, ENEL SPA: Thank you, Monica, and good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Let me start with some highlights on the period. In 2018, we delivered on all of our strategic pillars, which are based on growth, remember them, growth, operating efficiency, simplification, engagement to local communities and the people who we work with. With 3,000 megawatts of additional installed capacity, renewables are the engine of growth. This coupled with a robust double-digit expansion of network customers, which reached around 73 millions at the end of the year. We achieved this growth, maintaining strict control on costs, which declined by 1% year-on-year, driven by efficiencies. The activity of the group focused on the value creation, maximizing returns across global business lines to support the investment opportunities and the dividend policy that we outlined in our Capital Market Day in November. Sustainable business models at the core of our worldwide presence. We strongly commit to the sustainable development goal targets, and we perform our activities, sharing value with communities that are touched by our business.In 2018, we relaunched our commitment to the carbonization. We included in our long-term incentive plan, a specific target of CO2 emission reduction. Additionally, we have made considerable progresses towards reaching the Sustainable Development Goals #4, 7 and 8, in line with the United Nation 2030 agenda for sustainable development. The result of the strategy resulted in a successful delivery in line with our financial targets for 2018, with a group net income up to 9%.If we move to Slide #2, you find a snapshot of the group's financial metric. EBITDA was in line with full year guidance of EUR 16.2 billion, driven by renewables and retail performance, which compensated for a severe devaluation in currencies and the normalization of the market scenario for thermal generation, following an exceptional 2017 year. Net ordinary income came in at EUR 4.1 billion, this is up 9% year-on-year on increased EBITDA contribution and lower financial expenses.The proposed dividend payout -- dividend per share of 18% is plus 18% versus last year. So it stands at EUR 0.28 per share, on a 70% payout ratio. This is in line with guidance in our minimum dividend per share policy. Net debt of 2018 stood at EUR 41.1 billion, up 10% year-on-year, mainly on extraordinary operation. Full year net debt came in at the lower end of the guidance, thanks to transaction that we executed in the last quarter.Finally, flow from operation and net debt ratio of 27%, proved above guidance and in line with previous year.Moving to the first pillar of our strategy, which is growth. Overall CapEx of 2018 of EUR 8.5 billion was in line with the previous year. Asset development CapEx accounted for EUR 4.7 billion or 55% of the total. Out of this amount, 61% was devoted to renewables, mainly in North, South and Central America. 34% to networks, allocated to the ongoing effort to digitalize grids. Notably, new generation smart meters reached 6.8 millions in the year, 4x what was installed at the end of 2017. From a geographical standpoint, around 70% of the development CapEx was invested in developed markets, mainly in North, Central America, Italy and Spain. Looking at 2019-2021 period, around 64% of asset development CapEx is already addressed.Focusing on our renewable growth, we look at it on Slide #4. In 2018, we added more than 3,000 megawatts of renewable capacity, maintaining a strong focus on returns, which came in line with our expectations. We sold around 500 megawatts capacity and completed 1.7 gigabytes of build, sell and operate in Mexico, crystalizing around EUR 200 million of capital gain. You can appreciate it that we managed our installed capacity actively, aiming at maximizing overall portfolio returns. As stated in advance presentation for future year, we expect to sensibly reduce the net amount of gigawatts devoted to the build and sell model. Production from renewable sources increased in the year by more than 20%, thanks to the new capacity now on the ground and the abundant resources available.Looking at our future production, it is worth to highlight that our integrated business model supports a solid visibility on results and derisks the pipeline. The percentage of production sold forward is now at 68% overall, which -- of which around 80% are PPAs. If we look at our decarbonization strategy on Chart #5, we pointed out many times in the past that the carbonizing generation capacity supports the energy transition trends and represent an important driver of profitability, and I would add also derisking the whole portfolio. At the end of 2018, the total renewable capacity of the group, including the one managed, increased by 6%, supporting an 11% reduction in CO2 emissions. For the first time ever, our zero-emitting technology account for more than 50% of the production mix. We are on track to reach the science-based target of CO2-specific emissions below 0.35 kilograms per kilowatt hour equivalent in 2020, and 0.23 kilograms per kilowatt hour equivalent in 2030, aiming of being fully decarbonized by 2050.Moving along, the macro trends of energy transition, we are now looking at networks. This is Slide #6. As we outlined in the Capital Market Day in November, we focused on the development of high-quality, reliable and resilient infrastructure, and on the developing more sustainable cities, in accordance with Sustainable Developments Goals 9 and 11. We made significant progresses in this area last year.In particular, thanks to the acquisition of Eletropaulo, we increased by 11% the number of end users, reaching almost 73 million of customers connected to our grids worldwide. The continued effort on network digitalization resulted into 1.2 million additional smart meters installed. In Italy, the number of second-generation smart meters was, at the end of 2018, 4x higher than that of the previous year.In Spain, we have completed the rollout program.Leveraging our expertise in network management, we continued the restructuring of Enel Distribuçao Goiás, and activated a turnaround plan of Eletropaulo, which, since December, has been renamed Enel Distribuçao Sao Paulo.Now if we switch to Slide #7, which has to do with Enel X, you can see that the KPIs associated with energy infrastructure and new services continue to progress. Our e-Mobility strategy was supported by the ongoing deployment of public charging points in Italy, and the kickoff of similar projects in Spain and Romania.Additionally, in 2018, Enel X signed several agreements with primary car manufacturers to distribute private charging points to B2C customers. And electric vehicle charging points reached 49,000, exceeding the target we have for the full year.On the rollout of the fiber optic networks, we doubled the 2017 household passed, which is more than 5.1 million homes at the end of 2018. The increasing need worldwide for balancing demand and supply supported a 9% increase in demand response aggregated capacity and a 50% increase in storage solution for industrial customers.In this slide -- so in the upper -- in the lower right-hand side of the chart, we also represent our overall effort of storage activities, that include what was installed before the meter renewables and thermal generation.We now move to operating efficiencies, which is on Slide #8. We managed to achieve nominal OpEx reduction of 1% year-on-year, despite the impact of perimeter changes and the growth, which accounted for an increase of fixed cost of EUR 310 million. Over the period, excluding the impact of IFRS 15, we recorded efficiencies for about EUR 155 million in real terms, and all of our global business lines reported improving KPIs. We confirm the target of EUR 1.2 billion cumulative [effective] efficiency in the 2019-2021 period, a target which will be supported by our digitalization plan, which is impacting all our businesses.Then as portfolio management and group simplification, let me summarize the main deals of the year, on Slide #9. Active portfolio management first. This has been instrumental in accelerating the performance in key markets, and improving the overall risk return profile of the group. With acquisition of Eletropaulo, Enel Américas has become the leading electricity distribution company in Brazil by the number of customers, in line with our strategy to reinforce our presence in the South American megacities. Additionally, we announced other deals.The first is, EGP Brazil that has signed an agreement for the sale of 3 plants, totaling 540 megawatts of capacity, the overall impact of the transaction is equal to around EUR 700 million, of which, EUR 360 million have been already included in the 2018 results as held for sale. And the second, Enel Green Power North America, purchased 650 megawatts from a U.S. joint venture, for $250 million equity value. As far as group simplification is concerned, this has been a lever to increase our economic interest in subsidiaries and to accelerate an integration in the group. In 2018, we have completed the reorganization in Chile. As a result of this, our stake in Enel Chile increased by 1.3%, reaching 61.9%, with the overall economic interest grew by around 10%. Moreover, Enel has entered into a share swap contract to increase by up to 5% it's currently 51.8% equity stake in Enel Américas.All of the activities described are intrinsically connected to how we focus on the sustainable development goals.I will illustrate on Chart #10, our effort on communities and people. We are taking strategic actions to advance a broader shared value creation through initiatives with communities that are impacted by our doing business with them, as well as making sure we invest in the proper set of skills of our people.When are we here? In 2018, we made significant progresses in terms of underlying beneficiaries of projects that are supporting our commitment to quality education, affordable and clean energy and decent work and economic growth. That is why in the business plan that we presented in November, we have relaunched -- increasing our commitment to 2030, because we had already reached the goals we set ourselves earlier. Both in the climate corporate survey and the performance appraisal processes, we reached already, in 2018, target sets for the following years, with the high participation level showing the importance of these tools in order to create an environment of work and communication within the group.In the field of implementation of our diversity and inclusion policy, we have now 39% of women represented in the pool of people going through the recruiting processes.And in terms of digital skill diffusion, we made a progress to our overall commitment to involve a 100% of the people in the digital trainings, we have so far reached 35% of the employees in 2018.Let me conclude with a shareholder remuneration in Chart #11. Because the delivery on key pillars of our strategic plan enables us to propose a shareholder remuneration in line with guidance for 2018.We propose a 2018 dividend per share of EUR 28 per share, 18% higher than last year, based on 70% payout ratio on net ordinary income. We confirm our earning guidance for 2019, this means that compared to 2015, the group ordinary earning per share will have increased by 70% in 4 years. As you can appreciate from this slide, we committed to minimum dividend per share that we have consistently paid since 2015.The confidence we have in the targets is underpinned by the robustness of our business model. And it allows us to gain a dividend certainty over the full length of the plan with upside potential. We said that our intention is to continue to pay 70% of our earnings of dividends. We also introduced a minimum dividend per share for the full 2019, '21 period, which corresponds to a 9% compounded annual growth.In 2019, we foresee the group dividend per share to double, compared to the one we paid 4 years ago. I will now hand over to Alberto, who will go through the details of the operating and financial performances for 2018. Please, AlbertoALBERTO DE PAOLI, CFO, ENEL SPA: Thank you, Francesco, and good evening, everybody. Let's now move to the financial summary for the full year 2018 on Slide #13.As Francesco outlined, ordinary EBITDA is up by 4% to EUR 16.2 billion. Net of FX and hyperinflation in Argentina, ordinary EBITDA would have increased by 7%. Net ordinary income stands at EUR 4.1 billion, 9% higher versus previous year, driven by the reduction of financial expenses on top of EBITDA growth. Net of FX group -- net ordinary income was increased by 10%.FFO stands at around EUR 11.1 billion, with a remarkable 9% increase versus last year.Group net debt stands EUR 41.1 billion, up 10% versus 2017, an increase, as said, driven by extraordinary operations completed in the period for around EUR 2.8 billion.Moving now to the detailed analysis of the year. Let me now summarize the main drivers of ordinary EBITDA on Page 14.As already commented, ordinary EBITDA increased by around EUR 600 million, recording a 4% growth on a yearly basis, achieved despite a worse-than-expected macro scenario. This has been possible through the acceleration on growth investments, focus on efficiencies and the profitable management of the asset base through selective and timely application of the build and sell model. Growth in renewables, network and customers fueled the positive contribution of EUR 1 billion, marking a 44% increase versus last year.As commented by Francesco, efficiencies amounted to EUR 315 million, mainly driven by networks. Perimeter changes accounted positively for around EUR 240 million, mainly driven by the acquisition of Eletropaulo, now rebranded in Enel Distribuição Sao Paulo.FX, with the devaluation of currencies in South America, represented the main headwind throughout the year, totaling an overall impact of minus EUR 470 million, including the impact of hyperinflation in Argentina.As far as scenario margins are concerned, the overall negative impact of around EUR 260 million is attributable to: improved availability of resources, increasing retail margins and positive regulatory reviews in South America, which were offset by destabilization of the market environment for thermal generation, lower incentives on renewables coupled with the normalization of the U.S. Fiscal framework and lower margins of networks as well as CPI on cost.From the first quarter 2019, we will analyze our EBITDA, looking at clusters we presented in November, during the Capital Market Day, as asset management, asset development and customers.Let's now have a look to the contribution of the business lines to the group EBITDA on Slide #15.Renewable and networks accounted for 75% of an overall EBITDA, slightly above previous year, confirming the well-balanced risk return profile on our business model.Renewables recorded a 12% increase, driven by industrial growth and volumes. Networks are up 3% on growth and efficiencies. Retail recorded a remarkable 20% growth, thanks to a higher margin in Italy, Iberia and Romania. I will detail the key drivers for these 3 businesses in the next slide.Performance on Enel X is in line with expectations, driven by asset development for EUR 87 million, and as previously commented, thermal generation was impacted by further contraction of thermal gap and by the normalization of market environment versus 2017 in Italy, and outage of Fortaleza power plant in Brazil, now settled.On Page 16, you have a deep dive on the business line and starting with global renewable energies. As you can see from the slide, ordinary EBITDA came in at EUR 4.5 billion, higher versus previous year of 12%. Net of negative FX effect of EUR 150 million, EBITDA would have increased by 16%.Industrial growth recorded a positive contribution of around EUR 715 million, mainly in North and Central America and in South America. This includes BSO Mexico for EUR 191 million.OpEx were higher on the period for EUR 43 million, driven by the 6% increase in renewable capacity. Overall, operations recorded a 10% reduction in the OpEx per megawatt KPI. Our scenario and margins, improved availability of resources, particularly as we stated with the normalization of hydro levels in Italy and Spain, held around EUR 420 million, higher prices accounted for EUR 60 million, mainly in South America. Contribution of higher resources and prices were partially offset by lower incentives for around EUR 150 million, normalization of U.S. fiscal framework and CPI on OpEx. I will now go into the analysis for Infrastructure and Network on Slide 17. We reported an ordinary EBITDA of EUR 7.6 billion, 3% higher versus previous year. Net of negative FX effect and hyperinflation in Argentina, EBITDA would have increased by a sound 6%. Growth recorded an impact of around EUR 200 million, driven by investments in digitalization and quality projects. Efficiencies reached around EUR 140 million, distributed across all geographies. Delta perimeter is equal to EUR 180 million, mainly related to the acquisition of Enel Sao Paulo Distribuçao. On scenario margins, we have lower margin on networks, with a negative effect of EUR 470 million, mainly in Italy and Iberia, due to lower distribution tariffs, and CPI and OpEx had accounted for EUR 107 million. This negative effects were offset by the positive effect of regulatory review in South America, worth EUR 228 million, mainly in Argentina. And now on Page 18, on retail. We reported an ordinary EBITDA in Italy and Iberia of EUR 2.9 billion, higher versus previous year by an outstanding 20%. We will report our South American retail operations from next results release. This performance was driven by margins increased across all countries of presence and efficiencies. Growth in margins held a contribution of EUR 340 million. Efficiencies, net of the positive impact of IFRS 15, held the net result of plus EUR 50 million, on continued efforts to optimize internal processes and customer experience. Concerning operating KPI for retail free markets, sales volumes are up by 900 megawatt per hour to -- by 100 megawatt -- to 153 terawatt per hours. Number of customers reached 16 million, up 11%, driven by Italy, where we've added 700,000 customers in the free market over the period. And unitary margins are up by 8% to EUR 14.1 megawatt per hour. We have gone through business drivers. And can we move to the financial management section. And I'm on Page 19, where we analyze the net ordinary income. As you can see from the chart, D&A increased by about EUR 550 million. And this is due to the implementation of the new accounting principles for around EUR 170 million. The recognition of the Resolution #50, for around EUR 150 million. The delta perimeter for around EUR 150 million associated with acquisition in Brazil and in the U.S. And the commissioning of renewables plants in South America and U.S. Net financial charges of EUR 2,289,000,000 includes EUR 81 million from equity income and that composed of EUR 2,269,000,000 of financial charges on debt and EUR 102 million or other financial expenses.Financial charges on debt declined by remarkable 3%, mainly thanks to the active liability management, which offset the increase associated with acquisition of Eletropaulo, and the restructuring in Chile. The average cost of debt stands at 4.5% below the guidance. Other financial expenses decreased by EUR 337 million, mainly due to one-off items. Minus EUR 100 million of credit was the impact and minus EUR 50 million related to lower quality payments is revaluation versus 2017, driven by a tariff revision in Edesur.And then, we had some negative one-off recorded in 2017, mainly related to early bond repayment and for the EUR 10 billion credit renegotiation in holdings.The group tax rate decreased by around 1% year-on-year, reaching 24.8%, and this is mainly thanks to the positive impact of the recognition of the deferred tax asset in Brazil and Italy, and thanks to the fiscal reform in Colombia. And this has been only partially offset by the positive one-off in 2017, related to the U.S. fiscal reform impact and the deferred tax recognition in Argentina Edesur.Net of one-off, the normalized tax rate for the full year stand at 29%. Minorities increased by 5%, mainly due to the higher results in South America, and the group's net ordinary income increased by EUR 351 million, standing at EUR 4.1 billion or plus 9% versus last year, as already commented.And now let's move to cash flow on Page 20. Free cash flow recorded an outstanding 37% increase year-on-year, despite continued organic investments and higher financial expenses paid. As previously commented by Francesco, last year, our build and sell activity has peaked, resulting in a positive contribution at cash flow level worth around EUR 700 million. This includes the last portion of cap expense on BSO Mexico worth EUR 378 million, and that associated to Enel Green Power Brazilian asset classified as held for sale.FFO stands at EUR 11.1 billion, up by EUR 1 billion or 9% versus last year, with a cash conversion at 69%. And this is mainly due to higher EBITDA after provision for around EUR 420 million, recovery in the networking capital, which stood at EUR 1.1 billion, in line with the guidance, compensating the negative one-off in 2017, related to the default of Italian traders and the quota of bono social not cashed in last year. And then higher financial expenses paid for around EUR 900 million, mainly due to the delta one-off year-on-year associated with rolling-forward derivatives on currencies and liability management performed in 2017.And now moving to net debt, on Slide 21. As said, our net debt stands at EUR 41.1 billion, positioning at the lower-end range that we communicated last November at the Capital Market Day. And that is driven by cash out for around EUR 2.8 billion, mainly related to the active portfolio management and negative impact from FX of about EUR 0.9 billion. Worth mentioning, that the free cash flow covers 100% the dividend paid. Worth to highlight that the group free cash flows generation has been covered. On the gross debt, that increased by EUR 4.7 billion, mainly is due to the above mentioned dynamics on net debt evolution and higher financial receivables by about EUR 1.3 billion, mainly related to keynote the consolidation. And before the closing remarks, let's take a look at profitability. In the last years, we have improved significantly our financial and credit metrics, and we are set to continue on that path.Net income EBITDA ratio increased by 600 basis points, between 2015 and 2018, reaching 25%, thanks to our capital allocation, financial management and minorities reduction. Our capital allocation and the flexibility embedded into the strategy, moved the total invested capital up to 8.8% in 2018, up by 60 basis points versus 2015, and projected to reach 9.3% in 2019.Despite the acceleration in CapEx to support industrial growth, our FFO and net debt ratio improved steadily over time, reaching 27% in 2018. Rating agencies recognized and a strong track record, as recently demonstrated by the upgrade from the Fitch ratings to A minus of last February. The upgrade was driven by the recognition of our continued delivery on targets, as well as the long-term sustainability of our business model. And now I hand over to Francesco for the closing remarks.FRANCESCO STARACE: Thank you, Alberto. To summarize, in 2018, we achieved very solid results, delivering on all of the key strategic pillars of the plan. This set of numbers are strongly supporting prospects for future years. In particular, our focus will remain on organic growth, efficiencies and simplification of our structure. This will position this group as a growing, efficient, profitable organization, with a lower risk profile going forward. We will address our activities worldwide to create shared value. This goes beyond the 4 Sustainability Development Goals that we have taken commitment to on the United Nation in 2015, and we have set specific targets for all the 17 SDGs across the entire value chain. Finally, we rated 8 in our 2019 guidance. This year, we expect both earnings per share and dividend per share to grow by around 18%. Thank you for your attention. Let's now open the Q&A session.Questions and AnswersMONICA GIRARDI: Okay. We open the Q&A session. The first comes from the line of Javier Suarez from Mediobanca.JAVIER SUAREZ HERNANDEZ, BANCA DI CREDITO FINANZIARIO S.P.A., RESEARCH DIVISION - RESEARCH ANALYST, MEDIOBANCA: Three questions from my side. The first is on the cash flow statement on the -- on your presentation in -- on the Slide #20. There is -- I just wanted to have a -- an explanation for the evolution of this second and third columns, so the utilization of provisions of minus EUR 1.9 billion, and the working capital -- the working capital effect. If you can explain us the dynamic through 2018, what we should expect for those 2 columns to be in 2019, the dynamics of provision utilization and working capital in 2019, if possible? Then second question is on the capital increase that the company has recently -- one of your subsidiaries, Enel Américas has recently announced for USD 3.5 billion, if you can help us to understand the rationale for the size? And the rationale for the operation that Enel Américas has announced there? And for a company like Enel, that it seems to have a particularly strong balance sheet extractor? And the third question is on the Spanish situation and the discussion on the nuclear generation plant. It seems to be different point of view between you and other -- the other owners of the nuclear generation treaty in Spain, if you can help us to understand what the discussion is? And what is your proposal for an agreement?FRANCESCO STARACE: I will take this third question, while Alberto will answer the first 2. It's very simple, I think the minister has managed to finally let all the owners of nuclear plants in Spain to agree to a certain the -- let's say a certain calender for power plant closures. And this has been signed by all companies in 2 different days because some companies have to go through their boards, but within, I think, the 12th of March, this was signed by all 4 companies. That agreement stands. It is actually the agreement we would like work to. In order for this to be carried out then the single operators of -- the single power plants need to meet and simply agree that those terms that were agreed during the meetings with the minister are applied now to each single individual plant. We have a surprise move from some companies that wanted to add additional flavor to this agreement, which was not -- neither negotiated, nor discussed in the meeting with the minister, and I think, we have to leave time for these discussions or this request to be negotiated, been understood in their logic and their rationale, and finally, settles. Frankly, we don't think that there is an issue here, so I think it's part of classic of this issues, there's always someone that brings in things that -- at the last minute. We're not particularly concerned, and I think that -- Endesa will manage this properly. Overall, I think the -- like I add a comment, the minister has done a great job in finally putting this matter out of the dogmatic or media field into a serious field of energy policy. And that's where we think we should stand. And I think that's where, ultimately, this matter will be resolved. And I will now hand over to Alberto for the answers on Chart #20, I guess?ALBERTO DE PAOLI: Okay. So on the provision utilization, the main item are on -- EUR 1.1 billion is on bad debt, and we have all the provision utilization related to the personnel programs that are in the range of EUR 400 million. And EUR 150 million, as said, is related to the deliberation (foreign language), so the delibera related to the trader management in Italy. These are the 3 main items within the EUR 1.9 billion of provision utilization. And the main impact on the working capital is on the other side, the same deliberation (foreign language) because it translates on the other side, last year, we got a -- we were impacted by the bankruptcy of a lot of -- certain number of traders. So the delibera sets that we can get this money and we get this money -- we got this money in 2018. This is the major swing between last year and this year. Okay, so in -- the overall impact of Almaraz in -- is more or less between EUR 50 million and EUR 40 million.FRANCESCO STARACE: On -- in so far the Enel Américas capital increase, I think, your question was why now and why this size. We think that this is the right time because we have a clear indication that growth is still to be pursued in Latin America, and therefore, Enel Américas need to be able to face this opportunity flow with some adequate financing. The use of funds, as indicated by Enel Américas in their presentation last February, is quite convincing. I don't think we need to repeat it here, but it's pretty obvious that this has to do with the -- with some refinancing that they have to creep to carry out with Enel Finance. They want to restructure the pension funds of Eletropaulo and reduce some contingencies for legal issues that they are facing in some of the companies there. So the overall amount seems to us pretty balanced. Let's say that, yes, the group, Enel Group is strong, its balance sheet, but Enel Américas has reached the limits of its own capability to raise further debt. So I think the proposed transaction makes sense. And we now look forward to agree with all the other shareholders in the actual amount. But frankly, I don't think this is going to be a difficult discussion.MONICA GIRARDI: And we move to the next question, which comes from the line of Harry Wyburd from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Harry, you can go ahead.HARRY PETER WYBURD, VP AND JUNIOR ANALYST, BOFA MERRILL LYNCH, RESEARCH DIVISION: Three for me, please. So the first one, just a quick follow-up on the Enel Américas capital raise. Can you just let us know what you expect the financial impact to be on Enel Group level? So is this something that's going to influence your net income or your net debt at Enel Group? And also, where could the Enel Américas stake end up at? What's the range it could end up at by the end of this year given that you've got the capital raise and the swap transaction as well? Second one is on thermal generation, obviously, a very significant decline this year. I scanned the appendices. It looks like in Italy your EBITDA in thermal was only EUR 20 million for the year. So I wondered if you could just give a bit more color as to what's driving that. Is that mainly volume because of good hydro? Is that spreads being squeezed in coal because of high carbon prices? And then, what the prognosis is for this year with a focus on Italy? And then, final more general question. Power prices are, obviously, up quite a lot driven by carbon in the last year. Terna's just ramped their CapEx program by another 20%. You had the regulator increasing allowed returns only a few moments ago, yet their consumer and economic indicators in Europe aren't doing particularly well at the moment. Do you think that affordability of electricity in Italy is something that's going to become an issue this year on the back of how you [are pricing]? Any mention of that in the press or [publication]?FRANCESCO STARACE: Hello? Can you hear me?HARRY PETER WYBURD: I can, yes.FRANCESCO STARACE: Okay, great. I think we have some communication issues here, but let me take this last question on the, let's say, sustainability of the tariff going forward. It's true that there has been a mild tariff increase because of the, let's say, in direct consequence of the high spread that the Italian treasury bonds had faced in the last month. This is, however, very minor in the whole context of the tariffs. We don't see, going forward, a big risk of manipulation from the government's standpoint through the electoral period. And that has to do with 2 facts: Number one is that the tariffs that we are referring to are still the lowest possible pricing on the market at the moment. I mean, the way the system is built is that those tariffs are the cheapest price available to consumers. And on top of that, the tariffs are set at 3-month intervals, so it would take 1 interval, perhaps, to be in -- to be under a manipulation then, say, potential threat. This has never been the case in all the quite long life of tariff systems in the Italian system so far, which doesn't mean this is at 0 risk. We think it's a very small risk and in its own entity also very small. The system in Italy is built on a cost plus basis, so it's a totally cost recovering mechanism. So even indicates there would be some kind of, let's say, lock-in or standby on tariff increases or additional tariff decreases, they would have to be recovered at the end of the year anyway because that's how the law is built and that we don't see any chance that this has changed anytime soon. So we're not that concerned on this front. On the other 2 issues, which is the first is the financial impact at any level of the capital increase.ALBERTO DE PAOLI: Okay. So the financial impact, the level is negligible because -- so why -- it depends on the level of capital increase and the level of sort of the commitments. So we will have a debt reduction related to the part that were not covered by us. On one side, the impact -- the financial impact of the part that would be covered by us is negligible because we will finance this with a mix of short-term debt and on the other side, the overall reduction of financial cost that this capital increase would trigger. At the end, will define a 0 balance on the Enel side. Related to your question on the results of the thermal Italy, say that Italian thermal generation, without the impact of the trading activities, is around EUR 120 million, in 2018, and this compares with EUR 240 million of 2017. The vast majority of this difference is related to lower volumes, related to ancillary markets and lower spreads.MONICA GIRARDI: Okay, we now move to the third question that comes from the line of Enrico Bartoli from MainFirst. Rico, you can go ahead.ENRICO BARTOLI, MD, MAINFIRST BANK AG, RESEARCH DIVISION: Three on my side as well. First was on -- you confirmed your guidance for 2019, particularly, you're expecting EUR 1.2 billion increase in EBITDA next year. Could you elaborate a bit on details on the drivers, particularly on the drivers for growth in Latin America and on the capacity additions that you expect in renewables during the year? Second question is related to Spain. Actually, the government has approved the plan for energy and climate. It foresees a massive increase in renewables in the country by 2030. Could you give us your opinion on this and elaborate a bit on the medium-term opportunities that Endesa could have in the renewables? And third one is on results, if you can give us the details. Probably, I didn't catch some figures -- first of all, on the one-offs in EBITDA, the difference between reported and ordinary and also, the same thing regarding the net profit between the EUR 4.8 billion and EUR 4.1 billion of organic net profit?FRANCESCO STARACE: Okay. Let me take #2, and Alberto will take #1 and 3. We think that the plan that was submitted to the EU by the Spanish government makes full sense and totally in line with what is happening elsewhere in the world in terms of energy transition. It also relaunches what was stalling this growth in renewables in a country that has a big potential for that not fully tapped. Don't forget that this plan has been submitted to the EU. And the EU has, in this moment, the task to revise. The Spanish and all the other member countries plans and then feedback -- give feedback to the governments in order to potentially make them a policy or change -- or require some changes. So we don't expect this to be the case for Spain because the plan seems to be fully in line with the EU packages, in particular, the Clean Energy Package, and mobility package. But this is not yet a fully operational and launched plan. It is going through this loop. That said, we think it makes sense like I said and that it has a potential positive impact for Endesa going forward in the short, medium term. You might recall that we have a little bit of an anticipation view of what was going to be required in Spain, participated and won 2 tenders for renewable energy projects in the past years. Now we are busy building the projects we were awarded, those 2 -- 1 year and 2 years ago. So we are totally in full swing in the construction phase. 2019 will be a lot of Spanish building blocks being put on at work. And we are -- we have built a very large pipeline to develop a substitution of thermal generation and renewable energy plant mode going forward in the next years. This is something that I anticipated, although not so explicitly during the Capital Market Day. When I said that the there is a fourth way of running -- growing renewables in those places where we have a large customer portfolio, this is the case of Spain. So you will see us going through this evolution in the next 10 years, shutting down progressively inefficient or not so competitive thermal generation and substituting that with the renewable plants to serve the large base of customers we have in Spain. Alberto?ALBERTO DE PAOLI: Okay. Regarding the guidance of 2019. Yes, we do confirm our guidance for 2019. Regarding the -- so the items for this growth, I would say that the vast majority of growth will -- this year will come from Latin America and mainly of this growth will come from the distribution business. And within the distribution business, that is worth around EUR 600 million, EUR 700 million of this growth. We have the growth related to the 2 distribution networks that we have just both CELG and Eletropaulo, the first, and then all the things related to the new regulatory frameworks that have been set during the last quarter of last year and the beginning of this year, the increasing volumes that now are coming in this year and the efficiency program we are performing in the region. On the other side, an overall recovery of thermal generation that got a lot of headwinds last year and also the growth in renewable will complete the numbers. Related to the detail of the one-off in 2017 and 2018, I would say, in 2017, we had roughly EUR 300 million of one-off. And the main part on negatives and positives, on negatives, mainly for penalties in Argentina and for personnel provisions in CELG; and on positive, mainly for the bono social settlement for EUR 220 million and some claims and other settlements in Iberia. This -- in 2018, we had only EUR 80 million of one-offs, so the difference between the 2 is roughly EUR 200 million. And this year, so the -- we -- there are almost spread around -- the vast majority in positives is this resolution #50 in which we got roughly EUR 150 million of losses recognized by the authority. On the extraordinary operations that will impact on the total net income, we had, last year, roughly EUR 100 million of impact for extraordinary operation in this year for EUR 193 million. These are not included because extraordinary items in the net ordinary income, they are included in the net income results.MONICA GIRARDI: Okay. We move to the next question, which comes from the line of Alberto Gandolfi from Goldman Sachs. Alberto, you can go ahead.ALBERTO GANDOLFI, HEAD OF EUROPEAN UTILITIES RESEARCH, GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC., RESEARCH DIVISION: I also have 3. The first one is on your, sorry, guidance again for '19. Just to be clear, I found your Slide 14 very helpful. And I was wondering, it may be starting from there, you could apply that to 2019 to create a sort of a bridge. So in theory, considering your CapEx acceleration, your growth here in renewable and networks should exceed EUR 1 billion or be at least EUR 1 billion. If I look at your November plan, you probably are going to be efficiency between EUR 300 million to EUR 400 million. Then, you have a better perimeter effect because of Eletropaulo. And my point is, is there a weather normalization we should also be thinking about in terms of volumes, in terms of hydro, in terms of wind load factors and that would take care of EBITDA. I'm just trying to ascertain here whatever could be the risk to the guidance because, as I understand, your D&A is probably going to be quite flat. So if your EBITDA and so financial expenses -- if your D&A -- your EBITDA is up EUR 1.2 billion or so, that would be largely [dropped down] for the 18% growth. The second question is on renewables. You're planning to move 3 to 4 gig per year. That's actually on the onshore and solar. Can I ask you if you are seeing IRRs minus WACC stabilizing in the past 18, 24 months or if you see any threats from new entrants because quite a lot of companies now are emulating this type of focus on the renewables you had for a while. And last question is on strategy. You answered but apology, I missed a little bit. So I was trying to understand what is the end game for Enel Américas because I thought your goal was to lower minority and simplify, not to issue equity again and grow the portfolio. So I was trying to understand, in terms of strategy, what is more important. You simplify the portfolio and carry out a faster via the minorities? Or push the opportunity and use your balance sheet? Or maybe the 2 can go together. Maybe if you can elaborate a little bit more on this just to understand your strategic direction.FRANCESCO STARACE: Okay. So Alberto, I will try to answer your questions in the same order in which you have put them. It's true that Slide 14 shows quite explicitly, I would say, for any operator of your skill that, yes, the guidance in -- going forward is pretty straightforward. And it's also true, as you know, that a year from the next in this setup that we have finally stabilized the company around are not that difficult. I mean, there are some variations that have an impact across the months that are how much is it raining in those areas where we are active and is it raining the same way everywhere or are they compensating one to each other. And you can recall, for example, that 2017 was a special year, 2018 much more normal and so forth. We think, going forward, the likelihood of big surprises from that standpoint, so from a technological and resource standpoint, are not going to be around. Clearly, yes, it's a drier year this part of the world, but it's quite a good year on the other side. So we don't expect this to be a major discussion at the overall group level. Then, certain areas can get a little bit more lucky. But overall, we think that's okay. And it's going to be okay. Clearly, it's much more difficult to answer when you look at the foreign exchange scenarios because that's something, frankly speaking, completely erratic. I would add, from my point of view, that there is no reason for another currency massacre as we had in the past. I mean, that's more or less, I would say, done. But I hate to do this kind of statements because they're just totally helpless and totally useless. I am, like anybody else, in this thing completely obscure to what can happen to currencies going forward. So that's the only overhang that we have, I would say, of any large size on this issue. On renewables, yes, we do see IRRs stable, but we have always, more or less, seen them stable. I know that there has been a category of players that have been feeling a squeeze on the IRRs. And they are those players that were not able to reach the scale and efficiency of operational building and managing plants that we have reached. So we have weathered, I think, a competitive flame up that happened -- flare up that happened in the last 2, 3 years. Is climate changing? I mean, climate is changing. But is the competitive situation changing? Not much. I think what is happening is that there is 2 additional dimension of competitiveness that were not present in the past. One is large I&C customers getting very, very active and asking renewable energy supplies across the world. Is it good or bad for us? Positive because they screen out minor players that they don't trust to stick around long enough. And then a second one, is there a case of merchant renewable energy generation. There has always been, and we have been always very, very scared and been walking away from that. But when you look at those large customer portfolios that we own in some countries, where there is a case of substituting thermal generation with renewables, then you have a captive portfolio of output that you can use. It's an intrinsic PPA that you have to work around. That is another area of value creation on a completely different standpoint. So you see us growing, maintaining the returns because of this trend. You will see us getting less and less active on those competitive tenders that have been the way of developing project so far. We will still participate but perhaps, not as actively as we have -- we've been doing before because we now have different opportunities to keep growing without getting too much into that end. So the question on the end game of Enel Américas. Honestly, I think we would definitely like to streamline the operations in Americas, but they -- that streamlining goes with us getting more grip on the Latin America governance. So the 2 things go hand in hand definitely. So we like to keep growing, but we like to have a more streamlined operation. And to do that, we need more, I would say, weight into the ownership of Latin America. So we're looking still at both targets because they add synergy one to the other.MONICA GIRARDI: Okay. We move to the next question, which comes from Antonella Bianchessi from Citigroup. Antonella, you can go ahead.ANTONELLA BIANCHESSI, DIRECTOR AND HEAD OF EUROPEAN UTILITIES EQUITY RESEARCH, CITIGROUP INC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Yes, just a quick clarification on the supply in Italy. Can you give us the details of how much of the growth in EBITDA is coming from declining cost also related to the capitalizations? And also, we have seen a huge decline in the customer base. Is this part of your strategy to protect yourself against the potential energy cost pressure and therefore -- and we should expect this time to continue also about the next few years? And what do you expect for 2019, specifically in the retail business of -- in Italy?FRANCESCO STARACE: The second part of your question and Alberto will answer the first. If you remember the -- those detailed numbers that we issued earlier on the quarterly bulletin at the end of the year of 2018, you will -- you might look at that piece of paper. But basically, the overall power customer number that you see in this presentation, moving from 26.1 million to 25.2 million customers across the 2018 year, need to be broken down in 2 categories: how much -- how many of those still remain on the regulated and how many of those went to the free market. Well, the regulated portion went down from 18.3 million to 16.6 million, and the free market portion went up from 7.9 million to 8.6 million. So the net result is that reduction of customers. But again, we like to call customers those on the free market and end users the one that stay in the tariff because there's a big difference here. So our customers went up 700,000 across the year, which is basically a little higher figure than we did the year before and a little lower figure than we will do this year. That's -- you can rule of thumb this, if thing's stay the same, we increase our free customer base of 700,000, 750,000 customers year-on-year. But in the meantime, the regulated portion goes down because it is partly drained by us doing it and partly drained by the rest of the operators. So our free market goes up more or less 9% on the year, and our regulated portion goes down more or less 9% the same year. And that trend was the one that we had in 2017. It's still the one we have in 2018. It is ongoing right now. Probably, 2019 would be very, very similar. And then, of course, we're getting into the 2020 circus, and that, we will discuss later on. And as far as EBITDA, I think, yes.ALBERTO DE PAOLI: Yes. On the EBITDA, 2 things on margin. We had an increase of roughly EUR 100 million on margin because we kept the unitary margin stable at EUR 20 megawatt hour. And we increased the volume sold of about 5 terawatt hour. On the cost, we reduced the cost for EUR 160 million, EUR 100 million roughly for the new accounting principle and roughly EUR 60 million on the [unit of] production.MONICA GIRARDI: Okay. We go to the next question, which comes from the line of Anna Maria Scaglia from Morgan Stanley. Anna Maria, you can go ahead.ANNA MARIA SCAGLIA, RESEARCH ANALYST, MORGAN STANLEY, RESEARCH DIVISION: Just 2 quick questions for me. The first one is regarding the D&A line, the EUR 6.4 billion. Can you just give us an indication of what your expectations are going forward? So we should we expect around this level? And the second one is regarding the start of the year in Q1 in Spain and Italy. I appreciate your comment about the guidance and the fact that you're very confident about that. It seems to have been quite a dry and low demand start, so if you have any comment how you think you can make up for that or if you're not worried at all.FRANCESCO STARACE: I confirm that the first 3 months are pretty dry in Italy, Spain too but again, not as dry as, for example, 2017. It's not an extreme dry year. It's somehow dry. So I would say within the typical fluctuations that we have in this kind of situations sometimes and sometimes not, so nothing spectacular. There would be a little less water in the reservoirs than we thought. Maybe we will have some more rain in the next couple of months, and that will finish off or not. I mean, that's, frankly, not enough to be worried at all, I would say, at this stage -- at this point. And nothing similar to -- if you want to know, I mean, nothing similar, even close to what we had in 2017. On the D&A?ALBERTO DE PAOLI: Okay. On the D&A, we have the same guidance on 2019, so we don't see any change yet. The changes that will -- can occur on D&A will be triggered by the IFRS change that we will comment at the -- in the first quarter when we will present the impact of the new IFRS on our accounting.MONICA GIRARDI: Okay. The next question comes from the line of Sam Arie from UBS.SAMUEL JAMES HUGO ARIE, MD AND RESEARCH ANALYST, UBS INVESTMENT BANK, RESEARCH DIVISION: I think most of the question's been asked already. But I wanted to just ask one more on your renewables business and your answer to the question earlier, where you made comments on developing renewables at good returns for customers with, I think, you said, an intrinsic PPA or sort of captive demand. I thought it was very interesting and similar in many ways to the way ENGIE talked about their growing renewables business at their capital markets event last month. And I also noticed that ENGIE's guidance implies that their wind and solar business is going to increase by a factor of 4 by the middle of the next decade. And I think you've already told us that your wind and solar business is going to double in the next 3 years. So can we expect it to double again in the 3 years after that? And are we in a position where renewables -- I think, it's probably already about sort of 1/3 third of the value, the enterprise value in the group. Are we in a position where renewables is heading towards half of the value in the group? I'm interested in how you think about that when you look ahead.FRANCESCO STARACE: When you look at the -- I don't want to comment on other companies' statements here. We try to be -- we try treasure what experience brought us in the last years. Any projection that went past the 3 years' time horizons were completely off by an order of magnitude in solar and by more or less half of that order in wind. And so I think it's best not to say what the next 10 years will be in terms of solar but rather observe what the trend is. Let's look at what our portfolio of existing power plants is it and that this is a portfolio that today is roughly, on average, in balance with demand of our customers, okay? So that -- so we look at that. We say that we have today surpassed the 50% in terms of megawatt between renewables and generation. So you can say we have about 45,000 of 1 and 45,000 of the other. And if you look at the fact that we are now working at a raise of about 3,000 megawatts, 4,000 megawatts a year of renewable capacity, it would take us probably the next 10 years to wipe out the megawatts of thermal generation that we have in our portfolio or substitute them on a megawatt-per-megawatt basis. But when you look at the energy needed, that would take probably a little longer because 1 megawatt of solar does not produce the same megawatt that the coal plant does. As they run today, it does produce more or less the same megawatt as the combined cycled ones because they run very, very little. But that's rule of thumb. So to answer your question, will there be a case where you will -- I mean, as you will only run a major renewable portfolio with just some minor thermal generation plants, yes, that's the future we are working at. And I think it's not that far out. It's probably in the next 10 years. How much of that will be solar? How much of that will be wind? How much of that will be geothermal or other technologies? It's not important to us because we have all of them, and that's another differentiating factor with other companies. And we have built a capability to be indifferent in the technology spectrum. Just choose what fits best and what complements best the other one. So doubling our solar install capacity would probably need to put together another 4,000 megawatts of solar and not -- and quadrupling it would -- we need to put another 12,000 megawatts. So that's a completely different story. But there, if you start with the small quantities, it's easy to convert all that. In our case, we started with a very high, intense growth rate, and we don't think it makes sense to say I will be that big or that small. What makes sense is what is the optimal split for the portfolio of customers we have. And because we maintain the fact that we will keep growing our customer base, we want to accompany that growth with more and more renewables going forward. You can say, maybe in the next 5 years, we will say, well, maybe we'll be shortening that time and we'll be finished with this job in the next 2 years or 3 years. Okay, I would be happy with that. It's a question of how technology will evolve and how quickly we will be able to scale up our implementation plans. So far, in the last 3 years, we have been establishing a world record in terms of install capacity of renewables year-on-year. This year too. Next year would be the same, no question about that. So we are very careful not to just say we're going to double our sales every year because we know things don't happen like that. They simply happen on a more gradual fashion. So you -- there's no catching up. You have to start and keep growing at a decent pace without making mistakes in order to really get there. Try and jump is a bit risky, and we don't do that.MONICA GIRARDI: Okay. This was the last question recorded on our call. So thank you for participating and we see you in the first quarter release. Thank you.FRANCESCO STARACE: Thank you very much.