LP PresentationOPERATOR: Greetings, and welcome to the J.Crew Group Fourth Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.TD I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Vincent Zanna, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer for J.Crew.VINCENT ZANNA, CFO & TREASURER, J.CREW GROUP, INC.: Thank you, and welcome to our conference call to discuss the company's fourth quarter and fiscal 2018 results. Joining me on the call today is Mike Nicholson, our President, Chief Operating Officer and member of the office of the CEO.Before we begin, we would like to remind you that the statements contained in this conference call which are not historical facts may be deemed to constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual future results may differ materially from those projected in such statements due to a number of risks and uncertainties, all of which are described in the company's filings with the SEC and the cautionary disclosures in the press release issued in connection with today's call.During this call, we will refer to adjusted EBITDA, which adjusts for items such as noncash share-based compensation, impairments, certain severance transaction and transformation and brand exit costs as well as the impact of purchase accounting resulting from the acquisition in 2011. We believe that adjusted EBITDA provides an important measure of our profitability and performance as well as our liquidity. You can find a reconciliation of adjusted EBITDA in Exhibit (3) of our press release.Due to the 53rd week in fiscal 2017, when calculating comparable company sales for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018, the company realigned the weeks of the fourth quarter last year to be consistent with the current year retail calendar. Additionally, at the beginning of fiscal 2018, the company adopted the new revenue recognition accounting standard, which was applied retrospectively to each prior period presented. For additional information, please refer to Footnote 2 in the company's Form 10-K, which was filed earlier today.With that, I would like to turn the call over to Mike.MICHAEL J. NICHOLSON, PRESIDENT & COO, J.CREW GROUP, INC.: Thanks, Vin, and good afternoon, everyone. I will begin today's call with a brief overview of our fiscal 2018 performance and discuss our plans that position us to return the J.Crew brand to profitability and sustain Madewell's momentum in 2019. Following this, Vin will walk you through our financials in more detail.Overall, 2018 was a disappointing year, driven by the J.Crew brand, while Madewell achieved another year of strong performance, delivering record revenues that surpassed $600 million. This performance was fueled by strong full price selling across our core product offerings, particularly denim, knits, footwear and bags; the successful execution of our initiatives that capitalized on Madewell's increasing brand strength; and the growth of our customer base and loyalty program as well as continued growth in wholesale. In 2018, we opened 8 new stores and also launched our extended size offerings and men's business with positive results.At J.Crew, we tested a new vision and new strategies for the brand, which led to a better understanding of what does and does not resonate with our customers. Ultimately, many of the strategies we deployed in 2018 were not successful and negatively impacted our financial performance. These include the launch of a sub-brand strategy that caused confusion with our customers and the substantial investment in inventory across all categories that has led to excessive promotional activity and a material write-down of inventory. Additionally, the decision to accelerate marketing spend and investments in overhead, both in connection with the 2018 brand vision, further pressured our performance.As a result of these strategic missteps, we did not make the progress we originally intended for at J.Crew in 2018. And I want to emphasize that we do not believe that our financial performance reflects the opportunity inherent in the collective strength of our iconic brands and what we expect of our company.Despite these setbacks, 2018 did include several accomplishments, which give us confidence in our ability to improve our performance over time, validating the strong connection that our J.Crew and Madewell brands have with our customers.Notable successes include the launch of a point-based J.Crew loyalty program, which provides our customers with personalized benefits and enables us to capture our customers' preferences and how they shop; growth in our wholesale business lines, a key priority for us, with revenues doubling in 2018. In addition to continuing to grow our strong relationship with Nordstrom, we added several new partners that will expand our global brand reach.Importantly, the swift actions taken at the J.Crew brand to move through excess and slow-moving product enabled us to enter 2019 in a much healthier inventory position. That said, we know there is still work to be done to rebalance and refine our assortment to provide our customers with the styles they desire.In response to our 2018 performance, the office of the CEO, with the support of our teams across the company, has taken immediate and decisive actions to refocus our strategy. Our top priority in 2019 is to improve EBITDA by returning the J.Crew brand to profitability and sustaining Madewell's momentum while managing inventory with increased discipline in order to deliver gross margin improvement and aggressively managing expenses.At J.Crew, our strategy is to evolve into a digitally led operating model, given more than half of our sales are generated online. From our product assortment to our marketing strategies and online presence, our rewards program and our store fleet's contribution, our digital-first strategy is a holistic approach encompassing our entire business.From a product perspective, we are moving very quickly to adjust our strategy, retaining what worked in 2018 but also discontinuing efforts that disrupted our road map to improved profitability. As I mentioned earlier, we will simplify our merchandising strategy, eliminating sub-brands introduced in 2018, including the discontinuation of Mercantile, Nevereven and our home business. And we are rationalizing our assortment to focus on key franchises and increasing the penetration of styles that better resonate with our customers.To that end, we recently announced that Chris Benz is returning to J.Crew as our Senior Vice President of Design, overseeing women's and crewcuts. Chris' approach to color, pattern and styling is well suited to carry forward the heritage of J.Crew in a way that innovates and expands on what our customers know and love. We look forward to his contributions to the brand and his fresh perspective on J.Crew.Next, our digitally aligned marketing and rewards programs are designed to drive customer acquisition while also deepening engagement and conversion across all platforms. Notably, we will migrate the J.Crew catalog to a digital-first format this year. We will also continue to invest in our new J.Crew rewards program to drive engagement with our loyal customer base. In the program's next phase, we will be introducing personalized content to enrich our members' experiences with segmented offers, which we expect will reduce reliance on mass promotions over time.We are also prioritizing the stabilization of our digital platforms. In 2019, we will migrate to a cloud-based solution to modernize our back-end systems for the J.Crew and Factory websites, delivering stability and improved performance, particularly during peak selling periods. We are introducing frictionless checkout on our desktop site, similar to the new mobile experience. And we will continue throughout the year to introduce enhanced personalization and new shopping features across a number of our touch points in our customer journey.And finally, we will continue to evolve our J.Crew store fleet and in-person selling model. In addition to continuing to rightsize our fleet as necessary, we are developing our store-of-the-future vision, offering our customers a convenience-oriented extension of our direct channel that will be service focused and digitally integrated. We will design and develop this new store concept throughout the year.Next, at Factory, we are committed to delivering top line improvement. To start, after testing an everyday low pricing strategy in 2018, we have reverted back to our value-based pricing model and are seeing signs of better customer response.Under the direction of our recently appointed General Manager of Factory, we plan to evolve our product assortment, updating franchise styles and appropriately balancing our basics versus fashion mix, while delivering the right amount of new items. And similar to J.Crew, we are acutely focused on rightsizing our inventory bias in 2019.At Madewell, our goal of becoming a $1 billion global brand remains unchanged. Our strategy is to continue to build on the success of our denim business through impeccable fit, exclusive fabrics and new technologies that have differentiated us in the industry.In 2018, the brand's customer base grew by nearly 40% with the number of omnichannel customers doubling, a significant contributor to top line growth. Going forward, we will continue to drive this momentum through our enhanced digital marketing strategies and our successful loyalty program, which is comprised of our most engaged and productive customers.Madewell's denim business, already accounting for approximately 1/3 of overall sales, will also continue to be a key growth driver by leveraging our significant market share in the $100 to $150 denim market and diversifying across adjacent price points. Our mission is to be the go-to destination for denim, offering premium product at nonpremium prices for every shape and size. We will continue to innovate and evolve our offering, always capitalizing on the latest trends, fit and technology.We will continue to fuel growth through all channels in 2019 with plans to open approximately 10 new stores, deliver outsized direct performance through our digital marketing strategy and increase global awareness through expanded wholesale partnerships. And we remain focused on fostering our strong Madewell community and building brand affinity through compelling content, engaging store programming and an innovative and seamless omnichannel customer experience, building upon our thriving Madewell insider loyalty program that we will continue to evolve to ensure it remains an industry leader.Madewell is also committed to being at the forefront of responsible retailing. Our social responsibility initiatives are core to our values and are important to our customer as proven by the response to our denim recycling program, charitable partnerships and support of local creators through our Hometown Heroes program. As part of this, we will also continue to focus on sustainable production of our products, growing our Eco denim collection and our Fairtrade certified Factory base.And finally, regarding our operations, we are committed to optimizing our infrastructure on an ongoing basis to support these initiatives across all brands. As we move through 2019, we will focus on continuing to identify expense opportunities while prioritizing investments in key areas of our business that we believe will drive meaningful returns over time.In closing, we expect that our new, more focused brand strategies and our company-wide efforts to improve our operations while aggressively managing expenses will enable us to deliver EBITDA growth in fiscal 2019.I will now turn the call over to Vin to review our financials.VINCENT ZANNA: Thanks, Mike, and good afternoon, everyone. For the fourth quarter, total revenues increased 3% to $734 million with total company comparable sales increasing 9% following a decrease of 3% last year.J.Crew brand sales decreased 4% to $528 million, reflecting the net closure of 34 stores in 2018 with comparable sales increasing 6% following a decrease of 7% last year. Madewell brand sales increased 16% to $158 million with comparable sales increasing 22% on top of a 19% increase last year.Gross profit was $164 million compared to $261 million last year. This year includes an inventory write-down of $39 million. Excluding the write-down, gross profit declined 22% with gross margin rate declining 890 basis points to 27.8%, driven by a 930 basis point decrease in margin due to a significantly higher level of promotional activities in markdowns at the J.Crew brand of approximately $40 million, a higher level of shipping and handling, driven by e-commerce growth and increased penetration of our wholesale business. This decline was partially offset by 40 basis points of buying and occupancy expense leverage.SG&A expenses were $228 million or 31% of revenues compared to $252 million or 35.4% of revenues in the fourth quarter last year. This year includes transformation, transaction and severance cost of $11 million and a benefit of $7 million related to the $35 million lease termination payment in connection with our corporate office relocation. Last year includes transformation, transaction and severance costs of $21 million. Excluding these items, SG&A expenses this year were $224 million, 3% below last year or 30.5% of revenues, representing 190 basis points of leverage compared to last year.Operating loss for the fourth quarter was $64 million, including the aforementioned inventory write-down compared with operating income of $5 million last year. Adjusted EBITDA loss, as outlined in Exhibit (3) of our press release, was $32 million, including the aforementioned inventory write-down compared with adjusted EBITDA of $63 million last year. Net interest expense for the fourth quarter totaled $35 million compared to $34 million last year.For the full year, total revenues increased 5% to $2.5 billion with total company comparable sales increasing 6% following a decrease of 6% last year. J.Crew brand sales decreased 4% to $1.8 billion, reflecting the net closure of 34 stores in 2018 with comparable sales increasing 2% following a decrease of 10% last year. Madewell brand sales increased 26% to $529 million with comparable sales increasing 25% on top of a 14% increase last year.Gross profit was $836 million compared to $898 million last year. This year includes an inventory write-down of $39 million. Excluding this write-down, gross margin rate declined 260 basis points to 35.2%, driven by a 330 basis point decrease in margin due to a higher level of shipping and handling, driven by e-commerce growth, a higher level of promotional activity at the J.Crew brand and an increased penetration of our wholesale business. This decline was partially offset by 70 basis points of buying and occupancy expense leverage.SG&A expenses were $824 million or 33.2% of revenues compared to $873 million or 36.8% of revenues last year. This year includes transformation, transaction and severance costs of $19 million and a benefit of $21 million related to the $35 million lease termination payment in connection with our corporate office relocation. Last year includes transformation, transaction and severance costs of $81 million. Excluding these items, SG&A expenses this year were $826 million, a 4% increase over last year, where 33.3% of revenues representing 10 basis points of leverage compared to last year. Operating income for the full year was $1 million, including the aforementioned inventory write-down compared to an operating loss of $116 million last year, including $141 million of noncash impairments.Adjusted EBITDA, as outlined in Exhibit (3) of our press release, was $113 million, including the aforementioned inventory write-down compared to adjusted EBITDA of $226 million last year. Net interest expense for the full year totaled $137 million compared to $111 million last year.Turning to key balance sheet highlights. Cash and cash equivalents were $26 million at year-end versus $107 million at year-end fiscal 2017. As of close of business yesterday, we had approximately $97 million of excess availability under our $375 million ABL Facility.Our inventory increased 33% to $390 million at year-end compared to $292 million at year-end fiscal 2017 in support of our planned growth at our wholesale businesses as well as Madewell and reflects a mid-teen increase at J.Crew brand primarily driven by increased investments in basics and key franchise categories. We are committed to further reducing our overall investment and inventory throughout 2019.Total debt was $1.8 billion at year-end, which includes $71 million of ABL borrowings versus $1.7 billion last year. Capital expenditures were $17 million and $53 million for the fourth quarter and full year, respectively.We opened 9 new stores in 2018, 8 Madewell and 1 J.Crew and closed 35 stores, consistent with previous guidance. Capital expenditures for 2019 are planned in the range of $65 million to $75 million, which excludes the benefit of lease incentives of $35 million to support the buildout of our new corporate headquarters. We currently expect to open 10 Madewell stores and will continue to opportunistically rationalize our J.Crew and Factory store fleets and expect to close approximately 20 stores in 2019.In closing, we are proud to report another year of record performance at Madewell, setting the brand on a path towards becoming a $1 billion global business. While J.Crew remains a powerful and iconic brand with a unique heritage and style, we completed a difficult year in which we made some bold moves that, in the end, simply did not work. Importantly, we reacted quickly and now have a plan in place that we firmly believe returns J.Crew to profitability over time.Our entire organization is deeply committed to advancing our goals, and we look forward to sharing our progress as we move through the year.OPERATOR: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you, and have a nice day.