LP PresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Poxel conference call. I now hand over to Jonae Barnes. Please, go ahead.TD JONAE R. BARNES, SVP OF IR & PUBLIC RELATIONS, POXEL SA: Thank you for joining us today for Poxel's Full Year 2018 Financial Results and Corporate Update. I'm Jonae Barnes, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Public Relations. With me on the call is Thomas Kuhn, CEO; Anne Renevot, CFO; Noah Beerman, President of U.S. Operations and EVP of Business Development.; S̩bastien Bolze, EVP Nonclinical Development; and Christophe Arbet-Engels, Chief Medical Officer and EVP Late Development and Medical Affairs.Before we open up the call to the question-and-answer session, we will begin with a brief overview from Thomas Kuhn, our CEO. Anne Renevot, our CFO, will provide an overview of the 2018 full year financial results, and then Thomas will review our 2018 accomplishments and significant upcoming milestones for 2019 and '20.As part of the presentation, we will be using slides to this discussion. You can access them on Poxel's website in the Investors, Shareholder Information, Regulatory Documentation 2018 section or in the Investor Relations Corporate Presentation area.Before we begin, I would like to read our forward-looking statement. Some of the statements contained in this presentation constitute forward-looking statements, which are statements that are not historical facts. These statements are based on the company's current strategies, plans, objectives, assumptions, estimates and projections. Investors should therefore, not place undue reliance on these statements. The company makes no representation, warranty or prediction that the results anticipated by such forward-looking statements will be achieved, and such forward-looking statements represent, in each case, only one of many possible scenarios that should not be viewed as the most likely or standard scenario. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date that they are made, and the company does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events.I will now hand the call over to Thomas.THOMAS KUHN, CO-FOUNDER, CEO & DIRECTOR, POXEL SA: Thank you, Jonae. Thank you for joining us today. For those who are not familiar with Poxel, we currently have 3 programs in clinical development. We believe that targeting cellular energy regulation pathways for the treatment of metabolic disease, including type 2 diabetes and NASH is of critical importance since bioenergetic disbalances are the root of those these disease.All 3 of our clinical-stage pipeline programs address significant target in the energy metabolism pathway. Imeglimin, our lead program in Phase III, targets mitochondrial disfunctions, mitochondria being the power station of the cell.PXL770, which is advancing into Phase II, activates adenosine monophosphate-activated protein kinase, an important energy sensor. And PXL065, which is in Phase I, inhibits the mitochondrial pyruvate carrier.On Slide 4, our pipeline slide gives an overview of our well-diversified mid-to-late-stage metabolic pipeline, targeting large market opportunity as well as earlier stage metabolic programs advancing in development.We significantly advanced the company in 2018, and I will review our 2018 accomplishments and important upcoming milestones for 2019 and 2020 after Anne reviews of our full year 2018 financial results.I will now hand the call over to Anne.ANNE RENEVOT, CFO, POXEL SA: Thank you, Thomas. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us today. So I will now review our full year 2018 financials. I suggest that we move to the income statement on Slide 6.Poxel reported revenues of EUR 74.6 million for the 12 months ended December 31, 2018 as compared with revenues of EUR 5.3 million during the same period of 2017. Revenues in 2018 were comprised of a portion of the EUR 36 million upfront payment received from Sumitomo Dainippon pharma relating to the strategic corporate partnership that was announced in October 2017. It also reflects a portion of the $35 million upfront payment associated with the corporate partnership announced with Roivant Sciences in February 2018. This amount is net of Poxel's financial contribution to Roivant for the Imeglimin development plan.In addition, the revenues also reflect the Imeglimin Phase III program costs in Japan incurred during the year that were re-invoiced to Sumitomo Dainippon Pharma. But recall, both the upfront payment from Sumitomo Dainippon Pharma and the re-invoiced cost of the Phase III TIMES program are recognized according to the completion rate of this program.R&D expenses amounted to EUR 54.5 million in 2018 as compared to EUR 21 million in 2017. R&D expenses in 2018 mainly reflected the EUR 46 million clinical study cost incurred for the Imeglimin Phase III TIMES program over the period. As mentioned earlier, these costs were mostly re-invoiced to Sumitomo Dainippon Pharma.Please also recall that the TIMES program was initiated late December 2017, which explains the significant increase in the cost of this program in 2018. The additional R&D expenses relate to the study cost incurred for PXL770 and PXL065, the company's 2 clinical-stage programs for NASH.General and administrative expenses amounted to EUR 7.5 million in 2018 as compared to EUR 6.2 million in 2017. The financial income was a gain of EUR 1.1 million in 2018 as compared to a loss of EUR 0.4 million in 2017. The gain in financial income in 2018 reflects income from financial investments as well as foreign exchange gains. So the net result for the financial period ending December 31, 2018, was a net income of EUR 13.5 million as compared to a net loss of EUR 22.3 million in 2017.I suggest that we move at the balance sheet on Slide 7. As of December 31, 2018, cash and cash equivalents were EUR 66.7 million or $76.4 million as compared to EUR 53.4 million or $64.1 million as of December 31, 2017. This figure includes upfront payment and the investment proceeds received from Roivant Sciences in February 2018 for a total amount of $50 million. For the record, this amount includes a $15 million investment for a subscription of an ordinary shares at EUR 8.50 per share of Roivant and Poxel. This explain the increase in equity for EUR 12 million.The cash position at December 31, 2018, also takes into account the acquisition of the deuterated drug candidates from DeuteRx, which are reported in intangible assets for EUR 17 million. So today, we are in strong position financially and based on our undeterred development plan of the company, our cash run rate extends into 2021.So this is the end of the financial part of this call, and I will now hand the call over to Thomas.THOMAS KUHN: Thank you, Anne, and again, good afternoon, everyone. As mentioned earlier, I'm very pleased to report that we made substantial progress, advancing the company in 2018. I would like to begin this portion of the call reviewing our 2018 accomplishments. As Jonae mentioned earlier, slides for this call can be found on our website. The slides will give a detailed overview of our accomplishment in 2018, which are on Slide 9 and the upcoming milestones for 2019 and 2020.I will present the highlights of the slide and please, feel free to review them for more detailed information.On Slide 10, I will start with the major accomplishments for 2018. We signed an agreement with Roivant Sciences for Imeglimin for the U.S., Europe and the rest of the world not covered in agreements with Sumitomo Dainippon Pharma. With this agreement, in addition to the upfront payment and investment in Poxel, we have the potential for up to $600 million in regulatory and development milestones payments and sales-based payments, plus royalties on net sales.Roivant, former Metavant, shortly after the transaction. They are fully focused on metabolic disease and in particular, diabetes. We have hired seasoned executive in the metabolism and diabetes area to advance the clinical development plan for Imeglimin and prepare for the commercialization of the products.As detailed on Slide 11, Roivant's plans to initially develop Imeglimin to treat patients with type 2 diabetes with chronic kidney disease stage 3b/4.Diabetes is the most common cause of chronic kidney disease. In the U.S., there are approximately 2.4 million adults with type 2 diabetes with chronic kidney diseases stage 3b/4.This is an underserved population and many approved therapies for the treatment of type 2 diabetes are either [completely cluttered] or require dose reduction or are not recommended in the presence of kidney disease. There is a significant unmet need for this specific patient population. Imeglimin Phase II data in Japan and in the U.S. showed similar safety and efficacy in patient with impaired renal function compared to patients with normal renal function. And it is believed that the Imeglimin has the potential to become a reference product for these patients.Activities in 2018, primarily, with Metavant, Roivant's subsidiary, included an ongoing clinical study in patients with type 2 diabetes with moderate to severe chronic kidney disease and manufacturing of drug product for use in the Phase III program with data from this clinical study around midyear 2019.Moving along to Slide 12. I will next review the Imeglimin Phase III TIMES program in Japan. We reached a significant milestone in August when we completed enrollment of the 3 pivotal studies with over 1,100 patients. The three Phase III trials will serve as the basis for the New Drug Application signing in Japan.Data from the study may also be leverage by Sumitomo in other Asian countries. There will be a cascade of Phase III data readouts beginning with the TIMES 1 data results early second quarter. TIMES 1 is a Phase III, 24-week, double-blind placebo-controlled, randomized monotherapy study to assess the efficacy and safety and the reliability of Imeglimin in approximately 200 Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes.The primary endpoint of the trial is the change in HbA1c. The design of TIMES 1 is very similar to the Phase II study previously conducted in Japan. The TIMES 1 results will be followed by TIMES 3 results midyear. Its readout will include the 16-week, double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized part of this study.TIMES 3 is evaluating Imeglimin in combination with insulin in approximately 200 Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes and inadequate glycemic control on insulin therapy. During the fourth quarter, data for the TIMES 2 trial and full results for the TIMES 3 trial, which includes the 36 weeks, open-label extension period will be available.Further recall, TIMES 2 is a 52-week, open-label, parallel-group study to assess the long-term safety and efficacy of Imeglimin in approximately 700 Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes. In this study, Imeglimin will be administered orally as a monotherapy or combination therapy with existing hypoglycemic agents, including a DPP-4 inhibitor, SGLT2 inhibitor, biguanide, sulphonylurea and GLP1 receptor agonist.In addition, in 2018, we continued to present important data for Imeglimin at scientific congresses. At the 2018 ADA meeting in the U.S., we presented data for Imeglimin relating to the potential to delay type 2 diabetes disease onset and progression through preservation of the beta-cell mass.Moving along to our NASH programs, starting on Slide 13. Last year, we also made a substantial progress advancing PXL770, our direct AMP kinase activator. We completed the Phase I program, and PXL770 was found to be safe and well-tolerated. We also presented data for PXL770 at NASH and AMP kinase-related scientific conferences as well as in the AASLD meeting in the U.S.During the second half of 2018, preparations were underway for the Phase IIa program for PXL770, which will include 2 separate studies: an efficacy and safety study as well as a PK/PD trial. The Phase IIa efficacy and safety study will begin this quarter, followed by the PK/PD trial initiation in the second quarter of 2019. Supported by positive preclinical mechanistic and efficacy results, we believe that PXL770 is uniquely positioned to treat the underlying root causes of fatty liver disease, including liver steatosis, inflammation, ballooning and fibrosis, as well as provide benefits for comorbidities including those related to cardiovascular disease.As discussed on previous investor conference calls, an important corporate goal for the company has been the expansion of our metabolic pipeline. This was achieved last August with the strategic acquisition of PXL065, a clinical-stage NASH program from DeuteRx. This is discussed on Slide 14. As part of the transaction, we also acquired additional deuterated drug candidate for metabolic, specialty and rare diseases.PXL065 is a deuterium-stabilized R-stereoisomer of pioglitazone. Pioglitazone, a drug approved for the treatment of type 2 diabetes, has demonstrated efficacy in NASH and is currently the only drug recommended in practice guidelines for biopsy-proven NASH patients. However, pioglitazone use has been limited in NASH due to its side effect profile, which includes weight gain, bone loss and fluid retention.Since the acquisition, data was presented for PXL065 at the AASLD meeting. The data suggest the potential for similar efficacy with a reduced side effect profile from pioglitazone for NASH. In addition, we initiated part 2 of the Phase Ia study for PXL065 with the primary objective to assess safety and tolerability and assess dose proportionality. Also, preparation are also underway for the Phase Ib multiple ascending dose study expected to start next quarter in 2019.Notably, with the acquisition of PXL065, we are one of the only few biotech companies with 2 NASH programs in clinical developments. NASH is an area of high unmet medical need with growing prevalence especially since nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, NAFLD, has become an epidemic due in part to the extraordinary growth of both obesity and type 2 diabetes. The underlying pathophysiological mechanism that contributes to development and progression of NAFLD and NASH are highly complex and support the need for development of novel therapies acting on different targets. Over the last year, we have worked very hard to advance the company in our 3 clinical-stage programs. As a direct result of the hard work and efforts, over the next 2 years, we will have several important milestones to reach as we have the potential for significant value creation.Moving along to Slide 15. I will now review our upcoming milestones for 2019 and 2020. As previously mentioned, this will be a very important year, 2019, for Imeglimin with the Phase III TIMES data results reported throughout the year. We've been working very closely with our partner Sumitomo Dainippon Pharma, and we are targeting a Japanese New Drug Application submission in 2020, followed by a product launch in 2021. Following the U.S., pending successful completion of the ongoing study in type 2 diabetic patients with moderate to severe chronic kidney disease and following an FDA meeting, the goal is for Metavant to begin [initialing] Phase III program in 2019. As mentioned, we continue to work closely with our partner, Metavant.Let's move now to our 2 programs for NASH. In terms of our upcoming milestones for PXL770, we anticipate initiation of the Phase IIa program by the end of this month. This Phase IIa program will include 2 separate studies, as I mentioned earlier. The Phase IIa 12-week, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel-group study will assess the efficacy and safety of 3 doses of PXL770 versus placebo. The study will include approximately 100 patients with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease who likely have NASH. This study will be conducted in clinical sites in the U.S.The primary endpoint of the study will measure the change in liver [fat] mass based on magnetic resonance imaging-estimated proton density fat fraction, or MRI-PDFF, a novel imaging-based biomarker that allows fat mapping of the entire liver.The study will also assess the effect of PXL770 on inhibition of lipolysis and hepatic de novo lipogenesis, the 2 key metabolic pathways involved in the [pathophysiology] of NASH, as well as safety and other metabolic and non-metabolic parameters. Data results from the Phase IIa study are anticipated in the first half of 2020.In addition to the Phase IIa study, a separate 4-week treatment PK/PD study is expected to be initiated during the second quarter of 2019. This study will assess the pharmacokinetic profile of PXL770 in NAFLD patients and its effect related to hepatic and metabolic parameters in the target population. Data results from this study are expected during the second half of 2019.For PXL065, we anticipate completion of the Phase I program around midyear to third quarter in 2019. We expect to initiate a pivotal Phase II program during the fourth quarter of 2019 or early 2020. Our team has been working internally in 2018 with industry experts to determine the best relevant pathways for [us and for Roivant]. Pending discussions with the FDA, we plan to initiate a pivotal study and leverage our unique opportunity of the 505(b)(2) pathway. Following our Phase I results, we plan to meet with the FDA during the second half of 2019 to discuss this program.In closing to this call, I would like to emphasize that we are really very excited about our well-diversified mid- to late-stage metabolic pipeline targeting large market opportunities as well as earlier-stage metabolic programs advancing in development. We have made significant progress so far this year, and I look forward to keeping you updated throughout the year.I would like to thank you for your support, and now we'd like to open up the call to any questions from the audience. Thank you.Questions and AnswersOPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) The first question comes from Lucy Codrington from Jefferies.LUCY-EMMA MARY SARAH CODRINGTON-BARTLETT, EQUITY ANALYST, JEFFERIES LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Just it seems like the time line for the U.S., EU Imeglimin trial and the 065 trials had slipped. So I was just wondering why that might be. Secondly, you talk about the 065 trial being potentially pivotal. I just wanted to get a kind of better understanding as to what drive confidence that, that will be the case. And will you have something like an SPA in place to try and kind of get confidence for that? And then finally, if we could get an idea of what cash burn is going to look like for 2019, that would be really helpful.THOMAS KUHN: Thank you for your question. Well, I think we've always communicated our plan with our partner, Metavant for Imeglimin. So -- and actually, the study is well ahead of the plan and we will have the results, as I mentioned, mid this year. So -- which I think is a very good progress. For PXL065, as mentioned earlier and as you know, we've been working hard to review the clinical development following the acquisition of the products. And we are currently completing the Phase I. One of the big assets of this product is the fact that we could leverage the 505(b)(2) [expedited] process for which the product is eligible. And so that's why, to answer the second question, we believe that given the data which is available for pioglitazone in NASH, we could move really to a pivotal trial that -- with compliance to the FDA guidance that's been released, the drug guidance, end of last year in biopsy-proven NASH patients where we will assess different endpoints, including both NASH resolution and improvement of fibrosis. So that's why this could be a potential trial. And inside of that, of course, we are assessing what the development really should look like for this product so that we can discuss it following the Phase I results with the FDA with the idea, of course, to speed up time to market as much as possible since, again, the 505(b)(2) offers the opportunity to catch up with the most advanced products currently under development. For the cash burn, your last question, Anne, do you want to take this question?ANNE RENEVOT: Yes. Sure. Absolutely. So the monthly cash burn in 2019 is estimated around EUR 3 million. This cash burn includes for our NASH development activities, the Phase IIa for PXL770 and the Phase I for the PXL065. And regarding Imeglimin, further recall, the Phase III is fully funded by Sumitomo Dainippon Pharma. And for the U.S., the Poxel financial contribution is only limited to $25 million, which we will -- which will be incurred over a 2-year period.OPERATOR: The next question comes from Jay Olson.SILVAN CAN TUERKCAN, ASSOCIATE, OPPENHEIMER & CO. INC., RESEARCH DIVISION: This is Silvan Tuerkcan on for Jay Olson. Congratulations on the acceleration of PXL065. I have a question about -- could you please review the data that you have from PXL770 and tell us a little bit about what makes you confident in the Phase II data especially with respect to MRI-PDFF? And then secondly, what do you think we can learn from the PK/PD data that you will -- you might have in the second half of this year?THOMAS KUHN: Thank you, Silvan. Yes, so -- well, as you know, PXL770 targets this innovative enzyme, AMP kinase, by activating directly the enzyme. And we've shown in different models that the product has really the ability to have a very broad spectrum of action targeting metabolic steatosis, specifically by limiting the 2 key sources leading to degradation of fat in the liver: the lipolysis in the adipose tissue as well as de novo lipogenesis in the liver directly. So that's why they are really having a very, what we believe, a very strong activity, and that has been demonstrated in the animal model. We believe that using the MRI-PDFF technique is a nice way and a quick way to assess and to confirm really the clinical benefit in NAFLD patients today. So of course, this faster way will serve as a very nice clinical proof-of-concept for the product going forward. To answer your second question on the PK/PD trial, we have a couple of objectives there. The product -- the trial has been designed to assess, first, the pharmacokinetics of the product in the target population because as you may know, healthy volunteers can be different from patients. And so that's why it's important to have the confirmation of the PK profile of our product in this population. And parallel to that, following a 4-week treatment duration, we will assess various biomarkers of activity, which will help to really design the rest of the development program. And we will have different biomarkers of activity on hepatic as well as metabolic parameters, including liver enzyme markers with or without insulin sensitivity, and which will be an interesting parameter to confirm the activity of the product and help us move forward this program.SILVAN CAN TUERKCAN: Great. And could you maybe please contrast a little bit what's -- at the current knowledge that you have about your 2 NASH compounds, what would be the ideal NASH patient for either one? Would they be slightly different? Would they be the same NASH patient?THOMAS KUHN: Well, it's a good question. As you know -- and of course, I think you'll have seen we've evolved as the markets develop there. What we know is that for AMP kinase, again, by activating AMP kinase, you can really target a broad spectrum of the factors which relates to the pathophysiology of NASH, targeting steatosis, inflammation, ballooning and fibrosis. And so depending, of course -- pending the confirmation of this clinical -- of the benefit in clinic, we believe that really 770 has a real potential to be a cornerstone program for all the NASH patients. For 065, maybe to simplify a little bit the message, the goal is really to confirm the efficacy that has been shown with pioglitazone without having the PPAR-gamma-related side effects. And as you know, pioglitazone has been extensively studied in NASH patients. In fact, really the most studied product in this population. And it's actually, as I mentioned earlier, the only product recommended by the patient associations in both the U.S. and Europe. And what these data have shown is that pioglitazone achieved a very significant efficacy related to resolution of NASH. And so we believe that -- and specifically, when you look at the results that have been disclosed by competitors and developments recently, we believe that targeting NASH resolution is a key unmet need in the NASH patients. And of course, pending confirmation of the benefit in the clinic, this could be also a very good opportunity for PXL065 going forward.OPERATOR: We have no further questions by the moment. (Operator Instructions) We have no more questions. I give you the floor back.THOMAS KUHN: Okay. Well, if there is no more questions, I think we can end the call there. Again, I would like to thank you for your questions. We look forward to updating you on our progress. As you've heard, 2019 is going to be a very busy year for us. And so we will come back to you very quickly on PXL770 progress as well as PXL065 and of course, with our financial results going forward in Japan. Thank you very much, and I wish a good afternoon to all.OPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the conference call. Thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect.