LP PresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. I am Gaille, your Chorus Call operator. Welcome, and thank you for joining the TITAN Cement Group conference call to present and discuss the full year 2018 financial results.TD At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Dimitri Papalexopoulos, Chief Executive Officer; and Mr. Michael Colakides, Group Chief Financial Officer. Mr Colakides, you may now proceed.MICHAEL H. COLAKIDES, GROUP CFO, SENIOR ADVISOR ON STRATEGY & EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, TITAN CEMENT COMPANY S.A.: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to our conference call for the presentation of TITAN Cement 2018 results. Joining us today is our Group CEO, Dimitri Papalexopoulos; our board member, Takis Canellopoulos; and our Investor Relations Director, Afroditi Sylla. We will start with the presentation of group financial performance, followed by an overview of our markets and we will close with the outlook for 2019. Finally, we will open the questions -- the line for a Q&A session.Let's start with the highlights of 2018. 2018 was a year of stable performance for TITAN. Group turnover remained at the EUR 1.5 billion level as the marked improvement of performance in the second half of the year counterbalanced the slow start of 2018. EBITDA dropped by 5% to EUR 260 million, due to the lower profitability in the U.S. in the first half of the year caused by a week dollar in Q1, adverse weather and extended maintenance in the plant Pennsuco in Florida, and at group level by higher energy costs.Net profit after taxes was up from EUR 43 million to EUR 54 million, favored by FX gains of EUR 9.3 million in contrast with FX losses of EUR 22 million recorded in 2017 associated with intragroup euro-denominated debt to the U.S. and Egypt. In Q4, all regions recorded an improvement against the last quarter of 2017, with the exception of the Eastern MED.Group turnover and EBITDA posted growth of 7.5% and 6.6%, respectively. Overall, compared to 2017, after a weak first half, second half performance showed a marked improvement year-on-year. Our U.S. operations exceeded the $1 billion sales mark with a 3% sales increase, despite record wet weather in the Mid-Atlantic and lower sales in the New York, New Jersey area.In euro terms, turnover dropped by 1.5% to EUR 860 million, EBITDA in dollar was flat, but in euro it was lower by 4% at the EUR 178 million, following a relatively soft first half of the year. Market fundamentals in our U.S. footprint areas remained strong and the year started with a healthy sales backlog and outlook for steady growth.In Greece, after a long time, we saw a small rise in domestic demand in each quarter after the second quarter. Although, overall annual demand remains stable at low levels. Turnover was down by 5% to EUR 237 million, while EBITDA was down 40% to EUR 11 million impacted by higher energy costs and pressure on prices. In Southeast Europe, most markets posted volume growth and improved profitability. Regional turnover increased by 6% to EUR 239 million and EBITDA rose by 5% year-on-year to EUR 60 million.East MED region hasn't been good for our sector. We have softer market conditions in Egypt with lower volumes, insufficient price increases and higher energy costs. Adocim's results in Turkey fully consolidated in group accounts since October 2018. The results declined, impacted by Turkey's recession in the second half of the year. Overall, turnover in the region contracted by 3% to EUR 154 million and EBITDA declined by 14% to EUR 11 million.In Brazil, the market is improving and our operational results are much better with increased sales and profitability. Our net debt at the end of the year amounted to EUR 772 million, up by EUR 49 million year-on-year, influenced by the weaker euro at year-end and affected by the Adocim acquisition and full consolidation, a EUR 40 million impact.The next slide flash out our annual results. Group turnover at EUR 1.49 billion, recorded a marginal 1% decline and EBITDA at EUR 260 million, posting a 5% decline. Net profit increased by 26% reaching EUR 54 million. Turning to the next slide, it shows TITAN's quarterly performance in 2018, and illustrates, after a slow first half, the growth in the last 2 quarters. In the second half, turnover increased by 6.2% and EBITDA by 4.7% compared to the second half of 2017.Turning now to group sales volumes. Trends in sales volumes were mixed across countries. In 2018, the group recorded a 6% decline of cement sales volumes. The U.S. and Southeast Europe recorded cement volume increases, while Greece was flat. On the other hand, in Egypt, the entry into their market of the new state-owned 12 million tons capacity plant during the second quarter of 2018, and the decline of demand in Turkey in the second half of the year led to significant volume decline in both market declines.Aggregate volumes were 7% higher compared to last year, reaching 17.1 million tons, with growth in both the US. and Greece. Ready-mix volumes declined by 5%, mainly due to the U.S. operations in Virginia and the Carolinas, where record rainfall impacted the timing of demand and to a lesser degree because of lower ready-mix sales in Greece.Moving on to the next slide, to our P&L. We had a EUR 15 million drop in sales and a EUR 20 million rise in cost of goods sold. This margin decrease reflects the lower cement sales volumes, the performance problems in the U.S. in the first half of the year and the increase in energy costs. SG&A expenses were contained to similar levels year-on-year.Regarding the other income expense line, it should be mentioned that in 2017 it had been hit by the EUR 10 million restructuring charges in Greece and Egypt. Below the EBITDA line, this year we recorded FX gains of EUR 9.3 million, compared to FX losses of EUR 22.3 million last year, which have been caused by the intragroup loans -- euro loans to the U.S. and to Egypt. As reminder, the result from the group's Turkish operations are accounted for with the equity method until September 30, while the final quarter of 2018 is fully consolidated. Regarding taxes, this year we have a charge of EUR 26.6 million, which includes deferred tax charges. The bottom line, net profit at EUR 53.8 million was 26% up compared to 2017.Moving on to our cash flows. Group operating cash flow reached EUR 148 million, increased by EUR 30 million compared to 2017, benefiting from the stabilization of working capital requirements.CapEx for the year was lower by EUR 4 million at EUR 119 million, about half of that was directed to the U.S. CapEx includes EUR 12 million paid as a one-off retroactive license fee for the Beni Suef plant in Egypt. After EUR 32 million of equity payments for Brazil and Turkey, payments for interest, dividends and taxes and an FX impact of EUR 25 million, net debt increased by EUR 49 million compared to the end of 2017.Turning to the next slide to discuss the evolution of net debt. At the end of December, net debt stood at EUR 772 million. Compared to the end of 2017, this was higher by EUR 49 million, affected by FX variations and by about EUR 40 million from the acquisition and consolidation of Adocim in Turkey.The group's next important maturity is in mid-2019 for the remaining EUR 160 million notes issued in 2014, which would be redeemed with the cash that the group is holding for that purpose. Finally, I would like to comment on the impact of IFRS 16 on our group as of January 1, 2019. There will be on balance sheet an increase of right-of-use assets of EUR 54 million and an increase of lease liabilities of EUR 59 million. There will also be an expected increase of EBITDA by EUR 13 million, against an increase of EUR 3 million in finance costs and EUR 10 million in depreciation.Turning now to our balance sheet. The group's balance sheet has increased by some EUR 275 million in total assets. Close to EUR 200 million represents the full consolidation of the Turkish Adocim's cement plant, while the rest reflects CapEx and FX differences from the U.S. and Egypt. Total equity closed at EUR 1,471,000,000.Moving on now to the market overviews. Despite some challenges, TITAN America's financial performance remained strong in 2018 with revenue exceeding the $1 billion milestone after growing by 3% to $1,015,000,000. EBITDA was consistent with 2017 at $208 million. In euro terms, turnover posted 1.5% decrease and EBITDA declined by 3.9%. EBITDA margin was resilient around 21%. Performance was strong in Q4 with 7.2% growth in turnover and 8% growth in EBITDA in euro terms.In 2018, the Florida cement market grew by more than 10%, following 2017, which was impacted by Hurricane Irma. Benefiting from stronger market conditions, Florida profitability improved driven by higher volumes and improved pricing, but was held back by higher cost resulting from the protracted maintenance in the first half at the Miami plant. Underlying demand was also strong across aggregates, fly ash and ready-mix concrete. In the Mid-Atlantic, sales suffered a setback due to record wet weather, in fact the worst weather in 124 years of record keeping, driving project delays and limiting construction material sales in the region. Improvement in prices partially offset the impact on profitability.Let's take a look at the key indicator for construction trends in the U.S. for the next slide. U.S. cement consumption remains 23% below its peak at 99 million tons in 2018 compared with 128 tons in 2005. Furthermore, cement consumption per capita is 30% below the peak due to population growth. TITAN's presence in the U.S. in 2018 continued to benefit from stronger population and economic growth in the Southeast region, where demand for housing, commercial and infrastructure development outpaced the U.S. as a whole. Based on the PCA's latest estimates, cement consumption will continue to grow in 2019 with our key markets projecting healthy growth rates. Encouraging data for January sales points to a steep growing, suggesting that last year's weakness was weather related.Moving onto Greece on the next slide. Turnover for the region in 2018 reached EUR 237 million, a 5% decline compared to 2017. Construction activity in Greece remained at low levels. Demand exhibited some positive trends in regions with tourist development. It is worth noting that in the second, third and fourth quarter, the volume of cement sales showed a small increase versus the same period in 2017. However, on the whole, construction activity remained subdued as the launch of several major projects slipped into the following year. Cement exports were close to 2017 levels, while clinker exports declined. The U.S. is our exports' main destination with the bulk of this volume routed to our own 3 cement import terminals.EBITDA was down to EUR 10.9 million compared to EUR 18.3 million in 2017, recording a EUR 7.4 million decline against the previous year. Margins came under pressure throughout 2018 due primarily to increased energy cost, which could not be carried over onto the market at such low levels of demand.Southeast Europe. The markets of Southeastern Europe recorded an increase in construction activity and growth in cement consumption in the context of the mild economic upturn experienced in the region in recent years. Turnover in 2018 increased by 6% reaching EUR 239 million compared to 2017, reflecting volume growth in most markets, particularly in the larger countries. Higher revenue resulted in EBITDA increasing by 4.9% to EUR 60 million despite the rising energy costs, which to some extent were mitigated by the investments in the use of alternative fuels undertaken by the group over the last few years.On Slide 15. The cement sector in the Eastern Mediterranean region suffered a decline, especially in the second half in 2018. Our turnover reached EUR 154 million, posting a 2.5% drop or 5% on a like-for-like basis before consolidation of Turkey. EBITDA at EUR 11 million was a 14% decline compared to 2017.In Egypt, overall market cement consumption is estimated to have dropped by about 6%. At the same time, a new 12-million ton Army-owned cement plant entered the market during the second quarter of 2018, resulting in a considerable increase of supply over capacity. As a result, capacity utilization rates at our plants fell significantly. This greatly hindered our ability to pass on the steep increase in electricity cost and the position of additional levies, and practically wiped out profitability. The entire cement sector in Egypt is experiencing hardship, which is reflected in very poor financial results. Closure of some more of the older capacity may relieve some of the pressure, but an increase in prices is imperative for the sector to recover.In Turkey, performance declined following the sharp contraction in construction activity in the second half of the year as the country was hit by an economic crisis with a sharp slowdown in economic growth, devaluation of the currency and high inflation. Apart from the volume decline, the 38% slide of the Turkish lira against the euro and the increase in energy cost further penalized results. It is a reminder that Adocim in Turkey is fully consolidated as of October 2018, when our stake in the company was increased to 75%.Finally, let's take a look at Brazil. Demand in Brazil exhibited encouraging trends in the course of 2018. The macroeconomic environment has improved following the presidential elections. The market almost stabilized following 4 years of consecutive decline, settling at 52.7 million tons of cement consumption despite a major countrywide truckers' strike back in May of 2018, which had paralyzed the country.The National Union of Cement Industry expects an increase in demand in 2019, and the first 2 months of the year seem to confirm this forecast. Results at the Apodi joint venture improved both in terms of sales volume and profitability, driven by price increases and operational efficiencies. The net bottom line result attributed to the group was limited to a loss of EUR 2.6 million against the EUR 9.5 million loss recorded in 2017.This completes the review of the full year performance. And I will now hand over to Dimitri for the outlook for 2019.DIMITRIOS TH. PAPALEXOPOULOS, CEO, MD, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR & MEMBER OF ADVISORY COUNCIL, TITAN CEMENT COMPANY S.A.: Thank you, Michael, and good morning and good afternoon, everyone. So 2018 was solid and stable, if a bit uninspiring. A number of factors held us back from achieving our expectations for the year, the abnormally wet weather in the U.S., economic collapse in Turkey, the anticipated yet quite acute disruption in Egypt, currency movements, et cetera, as covered by Michael.Looking ahead for 2019, we are a bit more than cautiously optimistic. The outlook for volume growth in 3 out of our 4 main regions is positive. Pricing opportunities and energy costs are mixed, but on average, clearly well oriented, providing support for margins. Let me go into a little more depth in each of the regions. In the important U.S. market, we remained firmly in the camp of the bulls. Absent a major shock, the bottom-up analysis supports further growth in volumes in 2019 and well beyond, albeit at lower rates and less uniformly than in the earlier years of the recovery as one would expect. The Southeast states of -- Southeastern states of the U.S. where we have a bulk of our activities, maintain a brighter-than-average outlook.Price increases were successfully implemented in Florida in January, and we're optimistic about the price increases that have been announced for the Mid-Atlantic region for April, although there are some continuing headwinds in the New York, New Jersey area, which has seen 2 new supply sources enter the market. Rather than document the many facts that support our optimism for the U.S., which have been extensively covered in relevant research and presentations, I would like to make one simple comparison between TITAN America in 2006 and 2018. Our EBITDA in 2018 is finally coming close to recapturing the previous peak in 2006, but with a very different set of parameters. In our 2 most important states, for example, Florida and Virginia, consumption in Florida is still 42% below the previous peak; and in Virginia, 35% below the previous peak and that is behind -- despite the significant growth in population in those states sits.And our EBITDA margin was 26% back in the previous peak and is 21% today -- 21% in the last year. In other words, whatever one's view of where we are in the economic cycle and the sustainability of growth for the U.S. economy as a whole, our sector is nowhere near bubble territory and a strong argument can be made that we are at or even below mid-cycle levels. And that is before we consider the possibility that the U.S. could finally pull its act together and achieve a serious push for the much needed infrastructure spending in the medium term. As previously discussed, we are well positioned to capture growth in all of our product lines without needing to commit serious new capital.In Greece, the demand outlook is finally improving, perhaps not spectacularly but encouragingly. Supported by modest but more sustainable economic growth, a bouyant tourism sector and the prospect of several large projects, we expect cement consumption to grow and that despite the fact that the traditional motor of the Greek market residential will remain with the doldrums. If the major projects are implemented on schedule, we could see around 10%-or-so growth this year, obviously, from a low base. However, our view is that there is likely to be further slippage, and we will likely end up in single digits. In the countries of Southeastern Europe, volumes and prices are on average clearly positively oriented. Here too, we have the capacity to capture medium-term growth without serious capital commitment. We are continuously working on reducing costs and taking advantage of the available synergies.Finally, as Michael mentioned, Eastern MED comprising of Egypt and Turkey, is clearly a more challenging region at this time. In Turkey, we expect demand in 2019 to be around 30% below the levels of 2016 and the first half of 2017. Our newly consolidated subsidiary, Adocim, is well prepared to face the anticipated downturn owing to its modern asset base, low cost and low gearing. Our expectation is that it will not represent a drain on cash flow in the short term, while the prospects remain positive in the longer term.Finally, Egypt will likely remain a painful situation in the short term. Demand in 2019 should be roughly flat and will thus, not provide relief from low capacity utilization rates. Pricing is low and volatile, the strategy of the new Army plant, unclear. There is at present little visibility as to when and how a clearly unsustainable flow of red ink will be reversed. The history of such events around the world in our industry is that eventually pricing and structural adjustments combine to help the industry climb out of the hole, given good term -- good longer-term fundamentals, which is the case here. In the meantime, we remain focused on what we can control, containing costs, positive in cash flow and supporting price increases whenever possible.Finally, a brief word on our joint venture in Brazil. In Brazil, there are expectations of a new growth cycle in the cement market and the fundamentals in the Northeast where -- the part of the country where we are present, are solid. So overall, a -- quite a positive outlook despite some acute challenges in Egypt and Turkey. Beyond navigating the short-term challenges, we are keeping our focus on selective growth opportunities and we continue to target balanced, responsible and sustainable longer-term growth, embracing change as an organization, and innovating our good add at an accelerated pace in comparison with the past.A final word, if I may, on the recent voluntary share exchange offer by TITAN Cement International, whose purpose was to facilitate the relisting of the group on Euronext Brussels. As has already been announced, 87% of common shares and 92% of the press were tendered. As 90% threshold for the common shares was not met, the offer lapsed. The basic strategic reasoning behind the proposal, which we shared with you back in October in our webcast, is of course still valid and was supported by the overwhelming majority of shareholders. A short-term setback does not change the logic. We are maintaining our strategic directions and are studying the specifics in order to determine the best way forward.Thank you. With that, I'd like to open it up for questions.Questions and AnswersOPERATOR: The first question is from the line of Iakovos Kourtesis with Piraeus Securities.IAKOVOS KOURTESIS, RESEARCH ANALYST, PIRAEUS SECURITIES S.A., RESEARCH DIVISION: First question has to do with your CapEx of 2019, if it's going to be similar levels compared to the one in 2018, close to EUR 120 million? If you could identify for us what is the price increases you took in Florida, and the plant price increases that would be applied to Mid-Atlantic? If you're covered on CO2 emission rights for 2019 in your markets? And if I may ask, if I can repeat -- if you could repeat for me the IFRS 16 impact. As far as I understand, in intangible assets, there will be an increase of EUR 54 million, EUR 59 million in lease liabilities, EUR 13 million in your EBITDA, EUR 3 million in financial expenses and EUR 10 million depreciation charges. Is this correct?MICHAEL H. COLAKIDES: That's correct. Okay, going to the other questions, CapEx in 2018 was in fact EUR 106 million, because we spent EUR 12 million for the intangible one-off for the Beni Suef plant, the license which has been an old story, the retroactive charge and in fact, also penalized with interest expenses. So 2019 CapEx is expected to be closer to the EUR 100 million mark. Our CO2 needs for 2019 are covered. We are still operating under the same regime, the regime hasn't changed yet. And our production for the year is planned to be within the allocation that we will get. And we also carry stock of rights, so we have a cushion as well for the future.DIMITRIOS TH. PAPALEXOPOULOS: Finally, let me comment on the price increases in the U.S. We have announced price increases of $8 to $10 and beyond. We expect roughly half of that to stick, would be our best guess.MICHAEL H. COLAKIDES: Maybe more, maybe more. Hopefully more.OPERATOR: The next question is from the line of Bromehead Yves with Exane BNP Paribas.YVES BRIAN FELIX BROMEHEAD, ANALYST OF BUILDING MATERIALS, EXANE BNP PARIBAS, RESEARCH DIVISION: Just 3 questions on my side. Coming back to the U.S. and on Florida, we've recently heard some news of some capacity increase in terms of import capacity in terminals. Do you maybe see this as a risk for price increases? And as a follow-up to that, you mentioned and you gave some color around the margins today versus 2006. Could you maybe provide some more granularity in terms of the ready-mix concrete margin and where they are and what are your expectations? My second question is on Eastern Mediterranean, with the situation deteriorated further in Egypt and now in Turkey, could you maybe give us some sense of what is the group strategy, especially in Egypt in the medium term given that competition pressures are unlikely to ease at least in 2019? And last but not least, on the listing of the share in Brussels, which fell by a small margin. Could you maybe update us on what is the next action plan and whether or not the 90% threshold was mandatory? And if a listing in another European country could alter this 90% threshold in any other way?DIMITRIOS TH. PAPALEXOPOULOS: Let me take the -- let me take those in turn. On Florida, the price increases have -- were announced in January, have already taken hold, so we are optimistic on that front. We don't anticipate any disruption in the short term. Ready-mix margins we do not break out. We view the whole Florida market as one rather complicated chessboard, and we look at it as a whole and we don't look at -- we don't publish the margins of each project separately. On Egypt strategy, I have little to add on what I already said on my -- in my outlook statement. This is a period with blood on the streets, red ink in this case, low visibility. A new big player, which is still trying to find a balance. And you throw into that volatile mix a combination of increased input costs and a major devaluation of the currency, and it makes for a very uncomfortable mix. As I suggested, at this -- these things cannot sustain over the long term, nobody can -- no industry can afford this amount of red ink for a sustainable period of time. Now, what combination of capacity adjustments, price adjustments, cost adjustments and combinations will resolve the issue and what our role there will be, I think, is something that will play out over the next -- over the next months and maybe years. Let me say, and as I think we suggested in our outlook, we are not optimistic in the very short term for the next few months that we will see any meaningful improvement. Finally, on the listing in Brussels. As I said, we are -- the strategic direction, the need to have competitive long-term financing -- competitive price long-term financing is both equity and debt, is clearly something we feel strongly about, so we're maintaining that strategic direction and are studying the specifics in order to determine the best way forward. When we have something to announce, we will announce it.MICHAEL H. COLAKIDES: And just a technical clarification, the 90% threshold of the bid was not a regulatory constraint. It was a way to go directly to 100% transaction, so as a result show it is possible that any future action may be with a different threshold.YVES BRIAN FELIX BROMEHEAD: If I could just come back on Egypt, could you update us maybe on what you think of the capacity taken out in the market and what they represent in terms of million tons, if you've seen anything in recent months?DIMITRIOS TH. PAPALEXOPOULOS: We have not seen anything in recent months in addition to the national cement closure of last year, which was 3...MICHAEL H. COLAKIDES: 3, 4 tones.DIMITRIOS TH. PAPALEXOPOULOS: 3 million tons or something. We have not seen anything further yet.OPERATOR: The next question is from the line of Paul Chabran with On Field Investment Research.PAUL CHABRAN: Just one question on my side regarding your export business. So you're crossing mostly from Greece to the mainlands. We know that CO2 regulation...MICHAEL H. COLAKIDES: Paul, can you speak a little more clearly, please?PAUL CHABRAN: Yes. So just one question regarding your export business. At the mainlands, you're crossing mostly from Greece. We know that CO2 regulation are going to make your export less competitive. At the same time, export from Greece are way cheaper than they used to be. So could you give us a bit of color on what that means for your export business in those 2 countries? And also, what it means for your utilization rates in Greece?DIMITRIOS TH. PAPALEXOPOULOS: If I understood correctly, let me say that our -- yes, there has been more pressure on export margins through a combination of higher CO2 costs and more exportable capacity from the MED, in particular Turkey. Our export margins remain positive, and we do not anticipate a change in strategy in the short term.OPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, there are no further questions at this time. I will now turn the conference over to Mr. Colakides for any closing comments. Thank you.MICHAEL H. COLAKIDES: Okay. Well, thank you all for joining us for the conference call today. Just a reminder, as we will be announcing the calendar for the year, the next -- the first quarter results are scheduled to be announced on May 23.