Trey Gowdy swears off politics as he joins power firm Nelson Mullins in Greenville

Former U.S. Congressman Trey Gowdy is joining the law firm Nelson, Mullins, Riley and Scarborough in Greenville. The Greenville News

Former U.S. Congressman Trey Gowdy, who elevated his profile in American politics leading several high-profile government investigations, has joined the Greenville office of power law firm Nelson, Mullins, Riley & Scarborough to take on a similar role.

The Spartanburg Republican's eight-year congressional tenure ended Thursday, and Gowdy told The Greenville News he has no plans to return to politics, including as a government lobbyist.

"There’s no way I’ll return to it," Gowdy said before announcing his new role at the firm. "I’m not going to lobby. And if I enjoyed politics, I wouldn’t be leaving.”

More: Trey Gowdy and Elizabeth Warren battle on Twitter over lobbying claims

The new role for the former representative of the House's 4th District will hark back to his time as a criminal prosecutor and leading Congressional investigations — most notably the Benghazi hearings that famously brought former presidential candidate Hillary Clinton to testify on Capitol Hill with Gowdy taking a lead role as de facto prosecutor.

Gowdy will head the white-collar defense and government Investigations team at the firm - which has offices coast to coast and features political heavy hitters in its ranks, including former S.C. Gov. and U.S. Secretary of Education Dick Riley and former U.S. Ambassador to Canada David Wilkins.

More: Trey Gowdy at peace leaving politics, where 'fairness has a really small constituency'

The team will focus on internal and government investigations and corporate compliance.

The work will involve some level of white-collar crime defense but will expend a large amount of resources on independent investigations, he said.

Gowdy pointed to independent investigations into systemic sexual misconduct at Penn State University and in the U.S. gymnastics program, exposed first in an investigative series by USA Today.

“There are scores and scores of investigations that are not criminal in nature," he said. "They’re never going to lead to criminal charges, but you still want to find out what happened.”

Recently, Gowdy made headlines for criticizing the pace of the U.S. Justice Department's investigation into allegations that Russia meddled in the 2016 presidential election.

While he has expressed support for the investigation, at times at odds with fellow Republicans, Gowdy called for special counsel Robert Mueller to wrap up the proceedings that first began in July 2016 and has resulted in multiple indictments and guilty pleas.

Critics point to the length of Gowdy's highly politicized two-year investigation into terrorist attacks on American compounds in Benghazi, Libya, that put Clinton in the cross-hairs but ultimately uncovered little culpability.

When asked about the comparison, Gowdy pointed to the difference in a criminal investigation and a congressional one.

“I’m really interested in what Russia tried to do to this country in 2016," he said, "and I’m interested in whether or not anyone tried to do it with them, but there are time limits in every facet of the criminal justice system.”

The Benghazi investigation and the inquest into Russian involvement both are examples, he said, of political bias that drove him to retire from office.

The political realm assumes a presumption of guilt, he said, where Trump's political opponents are rooting for proof of his involvement. Gowdy said he wants to return to his roots as a federal and state prosecutor where he presents his case to an unbiased jury.

“In politics, because our country is so divided and so polarized, for the most part people have already made up their minds," he said. "If you value the art of persuasion, there’s not much persuasion to be done."

Gowdy said the midterm elections that brought Democrats back into power in the House will mean “two years of divided government and the 2020 campaign has already started. I’m going to continue to pull for our country and continue to see if we can figure out this experiment in self-governance.”

In 2010, Gowdy defeated U.S. Rep. Bob Inglis for the 4th District seat amid a conservative midterm Tea Party wave angry at the administration of President Barack Obama.

He rose through the ranks as he became chairman of the powerful House Oversight and Government Reform Committee and served on the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence and the Judiciary Committee.

Gowdy often found see-sawing support within his own party. During Trump's presidential campaign, Gowdy supported the partisan call for Clinton to be prosecuted for her role in keeping emails on a private server, which was revealed as a result of his Benghazi hearings.

The position won him widespread party support, including that of the president.

However, earlier this year, Gowdy found himself virtually alone in challenging the president's unsubstantiated theory that the FBI spied on his presidential campaign.

Seeing politics as having a "small constituency for fairness," Gowdy said he decided four years ago not to return to run for re-election until longtime friend and Republican U.S. Sen. Tim Scott convinced him to run for one more term.

“If I knew then what I know now, I wouldn’t have run for Congress in the first place," Gowdy said.

However, Gowdy said he doesn't regret the last two years in office, mostly through relationships he has built on both sides of the aisle.

“I will keep the relationships, but I will not be on the ballot ever again,” he said.

From, left, former U.S. Congressman Trey Gowdy, Cindy Crick, Sheria Akins Clarke, and Mary-Langston Willis will be working at Nelson, Mullins, Riley and Scarborough in Greenville. Photo taken Thursday, Jan. 3, 2019.
Buy Photo
From, left, former U.S. Congressman Trey Gowdy, Cindy Crick, Sheria Akins Clarke, and Mary-Langston Willis will be working at Nelson, Mullins, Riley and Scarborough in Greenville. Photo taken Thursday, Jan. 3, 2019. (Photo: SABRINA SCHAEFFER/Staff)
Two congressional staffers will join Gowdy in practice at the firm — long-time chief of staff Cindy Crick and Sheria Clarke, the former staff director at the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform.

Gowdy returns to private practice for Nelson Mullins, first leaving the firm in 1994 to join the U.S. Attorney's Office, where he served as a federal prosecutor until 2000 before running for the state's 7th Circuit Solicitor.

Gowdy was elected chief prosecutor for the circuit that encompasses his longtime home of Spartanburg County and served for a decade until his election to Congress.

Gowdy and his wife, Terri, who is a first-grade teacher, will live in Spartanburg.

“You will not see me on the ballot again," he said, "and that should make some people very happy.”
